The trouble pays the price. The progress of man is never in a state of suspension, and even in difficult times people grow again and adapt. Cities continue to prosper unchanged, and science continues to evolve. Thanks to the discovery of iguanas, mankind has made tremendous progress since time immemorial, but we still haven't reached the highest point yet. This new knowledge can only be enjoyed through divine intervention. Our existence will shine like a star among the clouds of God.
On January 14, 2543 at 10:26 am, I was watching my father's channel go off when he suddenly turned it off. As soon as I saw his sad expression, I knew that there was something terribly sad going on inside of him. When this story came out, I always felt bad, but watching it reminded me so much of what had happened before, not just because it wasn't all good, but because it was too much. I cried silently for hours, slowly getting up to try to regain my composure. My father remained sad, and as usual, I tried to soothe his sadness by trying to make him happy for some reason. But today I couldn't do that, tired.
Slowly approaching the door, I spoke to my father with a slightly louder voice. "I'm coming out now. I have lunch in the refrigerator." He didn't answer. It was just like that. His dad always heard my voice, so maybe he's okay. I closed the door slowly and quietly. When the door shut completely, another deep sigh escaped my lips. I forgot about it, but I put my hand on the cold metal scanner to lock the door. This apartment comes equipped with advanced technology. No, most buildings have amazing scientific equipment, and people using other different technologies were long ago.
It was a rainy night after a long walk. Walking around Paltric City was an privilege given to those who had been or simply managed to escape from mutation. The city was beautiful illuminated by stars shining far away in the sky. I missed them. Paltric City was nice, but more than anything else, it was like a cage. It was filled with apartments and houses where people could live, including houses built from bricks, and thanks to iguanas, most of these structures were hundreds of stories tall. This mineral, which met our needs for science and architecture, was a great thing that expanded our lives. People don't know much about this mineral. Because it's tightly controlled.
I took a detour to a coffee shop. Most people avoid it. The society calls the deviants and virus-infected people who find out about this rumor the "deviants." I hadn't noticed until then. I've been lucky enough to be able to believe everything I ever did, and the owner was a very nice person. Maybe someone will say that they'll give you free coffee in exchange for talking late into the night?
When I entered the room, the aroma of freshly brewed coffee went into my lungs, and the big bang of the bell cleared my mind. Of course, Antun was sitting behind the counter, but there were no guests except for a few others in the back. After a long walk, my legs were tired, so I approached the counter and sat down on one of the stools. Fortunately, Antun showed up with his usual cup. "Hi, Lilis, anything wrong?" His sleepy voice echoed in my brain. "Well, just a little," he said casually, but immediately fatigue set in.
To heal my exhaustion, I drank several cups of coffee right in front of me. "That sighting incident makes me feel worse -- the economy isn't really good yet." To keep my customers from being scared of Antun's store, I whispered softly. Antun wiped the glass with a napkin and nodded. Strictly speaking, this is a bar, but I've never come here to drink alcohol. There was a faint whispering sound behind me, but most of Antun's conversation tonight was short. I shook his hand and left the store. I was a little better than yesterday.
Walking alone down the dark street at night wasn't the best option usually, but it was honest compared to living in that sick apartment. I found myself hearing the sex sounds of my neighbor better than any music I'd ever heard before. I sighed heavily and looked back at the sidewalk ahead. Let's go to Al's hardware store. It's a place to look for interesting things, but it's also a distraction. Just as I was about to enter, I heard footsteps behind me, and I regretted it instantly. Probably it was a joke, but if I wanted to avoid robbery or bag-snatching, nobody would dare approach this area. It used to be known for its gang activity...
What's wrong with us? We're half human, and we can't stop hurting each other. I quickly increased my walking speed. Since Al's store was nearby, I should be safe inside. Standing in front of the bright sign that says "Al's Hardware Store" and looking back, I realized I wasn't following. Slowly, I entered the store again. It was like a hideaway, and Al accepted the mutants who had infiltrated Paltric City. Opening the door revealed that the lights were off, and strangely, there was no Al. No one had gone outside. Nothing had happened. Something was strange inside.
<<<DOC>>>
I quietly went to the back of the store, and I heard voices and conversations coming out of the metal bars. The bars were easy enough to pry open with two or three quick pulls. It was one of the safest ways to get inside the ventilation hole that I had ever known. As I slowly pushed my way through it, I could hear strange conversations from men in strange clothes. I noticed there was an Al tied up in chains inside. I thought he might be caught at some point.
Al was nice, but this situation seemed too bad. You don't have to poke someone's head in their chest. Especially when they're all over the city, all over the politics and the business. But I couldn't shake off my own feelings. I sat there quietly sipping on a sigh, slowly peeling off the lower bar, and I walked into the quiet room. "Hey, Al! Hey!" I called out softly, but no response. I raised my voice just a little bit: "Rilis? What are you doing here? You gotta go, I'm gonna catch him."
I knew that. And as I pulled the chain around Al's wrists, a whispering voice came closer, and then a faint sound grew louder. "Come on! Get back to the ventilation hole. Come back now. If we meet again, it won't be in this city." A momentary flash of terror crossed Al's face, which made me even more nervous. He told me something important. I didn't want to stay long. Oh, Al. I got out of the ventilation hole and ran away quickly. I felt sorry for losing such a precious friend. Maybe they'll take Al to another city. My mind was so full of things that I was confused, most of them being anger and sadness. I'd been looking at other cities, and the infected ones, and Alktraz, because it sounds like prison, but I also realized that it really did fit what I read about. Not to mention that the mutated form had completely severed its connection to any land outside the infection zone, but... tragic.
The return trip was quiet, but my mind was buzzing with thoughts that I couldn't contain. I'd been swept by many different emotions that stuck in my brain, and I'd been hit by repeated waves of regret that hadn't helped. When I finally reached home, I was walking under the ominous rumbling of clouds above, and I was crying tears of fear. The thunder-like noise was sometimes enough to scare people. My father was already asleep in the sofa. Something like a rerun of an old movie probably happened ten or twenty years ago. I sat down quietly in my room, coughing. I couldn't lie awake staring at my bed. Eventually, sleep took me.
Explosion
January 19, 2043, 2:34 am
It has been several days since Albon was taken. I know where he is not, but I'm sure he was taken somewhere. That outfit reminded me of something, but I can't tell until I see it. I sighed and touched the system in front of me, and red and purple light flashed. Maybe I can hack security, and maybe the shop is far away, and maybe they've got measures in place... I should probably stop. Of course, I moved my finger across multiple screens without knowing anything. I mean, I'm cool. I'm pretty popular on a few websites, and called Wraith by my friends. Very memorable name. Every site says my name is WR417H, but I think people call it that.
I transferred surveillance footage from the cameras onto my mobile phone, and I watched each one carefully. Nothing appeared. They looked like they weren't there. I just don't understand. Remote access doesn't help, and the cameras have very strict security measures. How do you...? Ah, well. I stood up and tried to push out some of my thoughts from my head. I put on my shoes and left with my key. "Dad, I'm coming back soon." No answer. Well, Dad never answers, and probably is busy with something more important than me.
When I exited the apartment, my legs felt prickly. Strange. I ignored that feeling, and I encouraged myself to go to Al's shop to investigate a little bit, but my feet led me to Anton's small bar. It was a relatively calm place, and I definitely needed to talk to somebody. Could I find a better companion than the regular bartender?
Anton's shop was unlike anything else. It was bustling with new faces and energy. Since it was always alone, I must feel quite stressed. "Hey, boss, let's have coffee," I said in a low voice, trying to lighten the mood. I turned quickly, and he was breathing heavily. I laughed a little bit from my mouth, "Hey, Rilis, stop talking to me..." He said gently, but clearly tired. "He looks really busy... Can I help you?" I asked, taking a big breath. I wouldn't want to spend time with such a drunk person, but it's hard to keep this guy working alone here. "Can I help you? I'll pay later..." He pointed straight at me with his puppy-like eyes. Advanced tactics...
After changing into my uniform, I helped a little with the bar. The job was fairly easy. Aside from the endless customer compliments and heckles, none of them mattered much. And honestly, I wasn't particularly bothered. After the shift ended, I would talk to Anton, and I really wanted to forget about Al, but after that, I would have to look into his shop, but still...
<<<DOC>>>
The flames from Talsirin's jaw blew out, and the massive Saurak roared in the corner of the forest. Then Talsirin spun around in the air, watching for a while. Strange thing is, when he dropped his speed, the strange screaming noises that were heard behind him stopped.
"Hey, Tenuk, you've been seen to change into a Saurak before!"
"I'm not going to fly like this right away! I'll be dragged by a giant pink dragon!"
"It won't be so bad, Kaiel?"
Kaiel was clearly not agreeing with Nishi. His body looked much darker than usual, and his fangs had bitten deep into Talsirin's back enough to cause blood to flow from them, but Talsirin seemed to have no idea. Nonetheless, knowing that Talsirin had frightened his new friend, he found an empty space and landed.
"Oh, sorry, but it smells. I need to fix it."
"Do we need to drag ourselves along too? Heh-heh," he snapped back, using his tail to slide off Talsirin's back. "And then you leave the Retvix alone! It's big, strong, and good at fighting. You just left us alone because you didn't see any use in trying to catch up to me! How did you get there?"
"That's what they do..." Nishi grunted. "Retvix is weak, but he's smart."
"So, yeah, but can Retvix drive a car?"
Nishi blinked and turned towards Tenuk. "Of course I can."
"You've ever seen someone drive a car like that? You don't have a truck like I don't, and I never saw anyone drive that little cute car that Kaiel has. Retvix started commuting on your behalf because you keep sending people to work. He only has a bike."
Suddenly, a loud laugh erupted, blocking their conversation. Talsirin laughed unexpectedly, and nobody knew what he was laughing at. A few more seconds passed as Talsirin settled down.
"Oh, sorry, I imagined my heavy-wheeled friend of yours carrying a child's bicycle. That's amazing! If I had telepathic abilities like you, I could tell you straightaway. But anyway, I loved it!"
Kaiel chuckled grimly imagining what Talsirin was thinking. "No, that's not even close. Anyway, what kind of smell did you get? Why did you suddenly start flying so fast?"
Talsirin stood up, huffing and puffing, disappeared for a moment, and came back to find Nishi lying dead in front of him. It was a very rare creature of gold and white, called Orosrak, but it had no head. "Another one died. The sound of its cry could be heard. Its blood smelled of fire. It attracted attention and hunted. As Enin asked. And that creature, those things, are here."
Suddenly, a powerful Saurak grabbed hold of Nishi. Kaiel and Telsuok were also caught in the cracks of the open space and couldn't move. The large black figure stared at them and made a sharp noise. Whatever it was, the massive two-winged creature spread its wings wide and charged forward with Talsirin's eyes open. Not taking into account that he would now have to pass through three other creatures, Kaiel and Telsuok managed to twist themselves around, but Nishi was thrown backward and almost knocked over by Talsirin.
In response, Talsirin caught Nishi, threw her with a long, skillful tail, and she flew onto his back. After that, she took flight again. The black, two-winged creature chased after her quickly.
Kaiel snorted sharply, picked up his rifle, opened his pouch, and put a band of ammunition in front of his chest to make it easier to retrieve. Soon, he noticed that Nishi, Saurak, and the monster's form were gone.
"Hey, Telsuok, aren't you changing into something that flies?" Kaiel asked.
"Why are you chasing me?"
"Well, of course."
"But... a huge monster used to die..."
"Then why does it matter if I have a high-performance rifle that I already know how to shoot? If I can see you, I can shoot too."
Telsuok hesitated, but lowered himself and moved away. With a low, slightly painful groan, Telsuok stretched out, his fur transformed into scales, and both arms became wings. Telsuok instantly changed back into a bright blue Saurak, but his eyes remained red.
"Come on!"
The normal-looking Saurak that had become Telsuok's body had clean boards along its back, but two protrusions were conveniently placed for Kaiel to grip easily. It took some time for Telsuok to land, but once he got airborne, he immediately set out to chase after him.
However, Telsuok and Kaiel soon realized that there was something else going on. Another black creature jumped out from underneath them, but Telsuok barely avoided the collision.
"That's another one of those scary monsters that Enin worried about, bigger and more terrifying than I thought?" eyebrows furrowed, Kaiel shot at the second beast, but failed miserably, reloading his gun quickly.
Telsuok answered nothing. Despite being pursued by another creature, Nishi and Talsirin kept flying desperately to hunt it down. To face the monster, Kaiel awkwardly changed his tactics. For Kaiel, pursuing the monster was desirable. It allowed him to pinpoint his target better. When two shots went through the top of the monster's wings, it raised a sickening growl and vanished beneath the trees. Kaiel still couldn't tell whether the monster was still pursuing him, but he was sure it wouldn't catch up.
Ahead, Nishi struggled to cling to the creature as it ran frantically through the flames. It was clear that the monster was injured, but it burned hot from rage and refused to drop. The fireballs didn't seem to have worked quite as well as expected. Talsirin recovered his composure, and Nishi decided to take advantage of the opportunity, pulling out his reliable bolt-action rifle. It wasn't meant for such purposes. But maybe it could stop the black beast altogether?
<<<DOC>>>
No, obviously it's impossible. He was just making a noise and trying to get away with Tassalin's eyes closed. Fortunately, Tassalin was fast enough because he was big enough that he could easily dodge the body, but Nishiki had gotten too close to his smooth scales and couldn't keep his head still as he tried to slide his hand along them, so he made a noise instead.
"Nishiki! How do you kill him?"
"Hit your head!"
"It's not easy."
Tassalin spun around and came closer to the mountain called Nigura, which the black beast followed. The beast was pursued by fire from behind, but it was barely shaken. It didn't realize there were other monsters out there. Tassalin's tail, having lost its speed, struck the monster's side, sending it flying into the air.
As the monster opened its teeth and said "shhh," it rose up and spit out some saliva in the air. Suddenly, everything went dark. It seemed like the monster itself sucked light from above and enveloped the world in eternal night clouds.
Tassalin, who had lost his sight, tried to retreat, but when he realized what had happened, his body had been rubbed against the top of a tree and hit an empty spot. Knowing where the monster had landed, it flew straight at Tassalin, wrapping around the black cloud.
"Tennuk!" Tennuk screamed as he began to spin and glide through the darkness below, looking for Nishiki and Tassalin. "What? Tennuk...? Where is Tennuk?"
Nishiki quickly got up from below. It was obvious that one bone had broken, but her strange and unnatural healing powers were already working. Tassarin did nothing similar. Instead, Tassarin leaned on a single tree that wasn't knocked over by his weight, lying down like a lump. Nishiki was desperate to reach Tassarin, but they were only a few feet apart. The ground was covered in pitch-black gloom, choked with evil shadows. And within those shadows, something was screaming Key-key and chipping away at gold.
The monstrous tail, scary and long, pounded on nearby ground, knocking Nishiki off her feet. But she knew that the twisted tail wasn't targeting herself. She judged based on her small appearance, her calloused voice, and the monster made a noise, twisting its own shadow with its fangs. Something moved across the darkness instantly. And being stabbed, the monster was confused.
Suddenly, a loud gunshot echoed all around, silencing the monster and landing on the ground. The surrounding darkness disappeared, revealing what was happening. Standing atop the monster was Kaeler. Holding a rifle, he took a deep breath.
"What is this... This weird jumpscare I've never seen before... Tant Crotan..." Kaeler breathed. His black eyes glowed with light, and the dark energy swirled around. But as he spoke, the scales returned to their original color, and both of his eyes turned back to yellow.
It took some time for Nishiki to figure out what was going on, though everyone knew that Kaeler possessed some strange power in the darkness. He rarely used such power. It was feared to be evil and even more terrifying than that. But Nishiki didn't know that Kaeler could use any kind of darkness. And Kaeler himself was surprised by his actions.
"I'm fine," Nishiki couldn't help but ask.
"No problem. I killed something, but it's getting better right now." As Tennuke looked at the fallen monster, he descended and landed next to it, returning to his usual Spast form.
Since the monster no longer needed moving, it became easier to see its true nature. Its skin was black and warm, but the warmth remained firmly attached to its body. It had four wings and four legs, each ending in a thin claw-like toothy pincer, and two sharp horns sticking straight out of its head.
When Tennuke and Kaeler tried to say something about what they saw, something screamed Key-key and jumped out of the nearby bushes. But it collided with a familiar car near its flank, so they didn't make contact. The monster slid sideways onto Nishiki's feet. Without a care, Nishiki gripped her shotgun and fired, killing the monster instantly.
"Huh-huh..." Levetic muttered from his seat, turning off his engine awkwardly, and then stepped off the truck. "I didn't mean to hurt anyone."
"You missed the important part," Tennuke grunted. "Where are you?"
"They left me alone. They're just rushing here." Levetic sighed. "So, what is this disgusting thing?"
Fortunately, Tassarin got up and answered the question. Although his body was cut and scarred and his mind was slightly foggy, the injuries weren particularly severe.
You killed Coraptid! An infected monster. When decay attacked your gods, the remaining living creatures survived."
"So... we helped destroy the monster's precious heirloom?" Tennuke mouthed.
"Yes. That's correct. There might be more. But I can't punch my head off. I don't have a gun. Also, two-to-one isn't fair, is it?" Tassarin walked over to Kaeler's side and tapped his head lightly. "Well, little one, remember my old friend Alkadin. He didn't kill as much or have the ability to destroy the world."
"Well... thank you... I guess." Kaeler squashed his shoulders. "And well, okay, so that's it?"
Nishiki squashed her shoulders, picked up her camera, and took a picture of clearly dead creatures. Then she picked up her favorite fancy death god sword and started cutting off the monster's horns. Once she finished, she also cut off the second horn. But simultaneously, the monster began to burn and soon became a pile of ash. Similarly, Nishiki's cut-off horn burned away.
"Huh-huh... good luck... bad luck..." Nishiki sputtered. "Can I take the picture?"
<<<DOC>>>
The opening scene: "Please! Don't send her out to the wild! She's still a child!" Queen Elwine begged. The icy king looked down on his queen from his throne. A chancellor sat nearby. The queen had given birth to a girl, and the king was upset with that.
The girl looked very much like her mother, with pale blue eyes and white hair adorned with a string of blue threads. The king felt himself vulnerable because he knew his daughter was in his house. He only ever had an son before him.
"You have two choices, your wife," he said, as if to spit poison on his name. King Frederic always did this.
Originally Frostfell was not one kingdom but two separate kingdoms, one north and one south. North was a land without magic, while the southern kingdom had all kinds of strange powers. The greed of the northern kingdom led to endless wars between the two kingdoms, which continued until the southern kingdom offered peace.
To stop the bloodshed, the royal family of the southern kingdom proposed that they could make their kingdom into one by having a boy born from their queen to become the next king. The northern kingdom accepted it, and Queen Elwine married Prince Akul.
"Please, my lady. If you can save my child, I will do anything else." Queen Elwine held her child tightly in her arms and begged.
The icy king looked disgusted at seeing his queen look down on him. Maybe he would be kind to him. Having been with her for 22 years and always taken care of when she was on the bottom, she was also a woman who gave birth to sons.
"I'll let them live in the palace," the king said, and his words caused relief to come over the lips of his queen. "But..." he continued. "You're guilty."
The chancellor and Queen Elwine themselves were filled with fear. Queen Elwine slowly looked down on the floor. "I see, my lady," she said. She bowed her head.
King Frederic ordered his queen to take his daughter to one of his empty rooms. When that was done, he ordered the guards to bring her back to the prison so that everyone in town might see her.
When the guards took her to the prison, the townspeople saw that their only queen, the most beautiful queen, was about to be killed. They shouted in rage. Some wept, others screamed at the guards, and some were confused why everything happened. But all of them had the same feeling inside.
"Free me, my lady!"
"Why should I punish my lady like this?"
As Queen Elwine approached the tree, the most feared person in the kingdom appeared. A fire mage. Her former queen had been sentenced to burning. No one ever got burned alive except criminals. In Frostfell, burning was the most cruel punishment people could get.
When Queen Elwine was tied up in the tree, the king began telling how his former queen had betrayed everyone. The people of Frostfell didn't believe what the king said, and they didn't accept his words. And when the fire mage lit the tree with fire, a drop of tears fell onto Queen Elwine's face.
"Live, Kali," she ended. That was Queen Elwine's last words.
Silence in the hall
Only the sound came from the leftmost room of the south wing of the cold palace. The useless men who passed by were worried and scared because they couldn't figure out what was going on there. Rumors flew around the corridor about the maidens waiting for Queen Elwine to be released.
It was a big mistake. As the useless men whispered to each other along the wall, Isabelle thought, walking towards the south wing. Nobody knew where everybody was.
Of course, Isabelle became a rumor too. Only she was allowed to enter that room.
Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Only the sound came from the rightmost corner of the south wing of the cold palace. The useless men who passed by were anxious and scared because they couldn't figure out what was going on there. Rumors flew around the corridor about the maidens waiting for Queen Elwine to be released.
They were wrong. As the useless men whispered to each other along the wall, Isabelle thought, walking towards the south wing. Nobody knew where everybody was.
Of course, Isabelle became a rumor too. Only she was allowed to enter that room.
Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, Kiko. Kiko, Kiko, K
<<<DOC>>>
She turned the page to a blank page and wrote on it the date, below which was "May 11, 1648 — December 13, 1648."
"I'm looking for some old memories," she asked as she looked at her old notebook.
"Christmas?" he replied.
The King shook his two fingers. As expected, the Queen did not let him out of the room. The King saw that she had "gone astray." She was born without a mouth, and was the only girl in a family of men.
And so too was Iboye, for this very reason. When she came out about her gender identity, the world seemed changed. For being different, she was given work that would take up most of her time alone.
As a royal mistress, she was also required to work as a governess. But because she could make friends, she didn't care much.
"My birthday is coming soon," she asked, remembering that the Queen's birthday was just a few days away.
"I want to celebrate," she asked.
"No." He tapped her finger. Knowing that this was something painful for her, she knew that day was when she was locked in her own room, and when her mother was exiled. At that moment, Iboye was still young, but she remembered the fierce anger of the useless people and merchants who were there. It was said that the Princess of Eilwen was a wonderful princess, but strange enough, she had heard stories that the future would be what happened.
"So ... do you have anything else you want?" she asked.
Iboye looked excitedly at him. She handed him a piece of paper. But as she looked down at it, she realized ...
A six by six inch canvas.
White paint and various shades of blue paints.
Six brushes of different sizes.
Easel.
"Do you need these?" she asked, turning to the Queen with an empty face, while shaking her hair back and forth like a shrewd queen always tapping her finger. "Yes?" She chuckled slightly, knowing that the shrewd queen was seeking something that she never ever wanted.
"Yes! I'll see you later!" she asked, standing up and walking through the scattered papers and notes like a thief.
He nodded, and went back to his task of reminiscing, curled up in a thick blanket.
When the Queen finally left her comfortable place, satisfied that she no longer needed the kind of power she couldn't get herself, Iboye left the room.
Walking again along the corridor, ignoring rumors from the maids.
"She's been possessed by the Princess of Eilwen. So I always go to that room."
"The person there seems to be eating children."
"A guy dressed like a man, doesn't that sound weird?"
Ignoring what she tried to ignore, Iboye went to the painting studio. That was the second door from the east end.
She approached the door that had the same ornate decoration as the door that had the frozen fox statue depicting one of the six dragons that supposedly founded England. It made sense that the painter had done that. She was a history lover.
Iboye opened the door and saw the usual scene: the paint splattered everywhere, the pencils and paper scattered all over the room, and the walls were covered in easels, except for another scene, where the floorboards were completely worn off, the red velvet hanging from the ceiling, and a chair sat next to it. The chair was occupied by Prince Akio, who was painting portraits.
"Halo, hello, Iboye! You're seeing my future king now, right?" he asked.
"I apologize, sir." Iboye replied, feeling guilty.
"I don't know if you've read any bad words about your gender identity from others. I really want to leave this person alone."
"It's over? Is that it?" the palace painter sighed.
No, he continued. "I can't believe I have to say this to you. I mean, I don't think you understand what I'm saying."
"I don't know if you understand what I'm saying." Akio smiled. "Of course, I can give you whatever you want, but you don't even know what I want."
Iboye was stunned. "Why do you want to see me with someone who has ten thousand potential lovers?"
He laughed. "Well, five hundred." His hair fell around his eyes as he said it.
"That's why I'm here. Why am I here?" he asked.
"Iboye, I love you. I want to meet you."
<<<DOC>>>
Chapter 1
Corren, Itaania Time: 4:30 AM Corren was so annoyed with his early rising that he had no other reason than to wake up the rest of the unit. As he stepped out of bed, he put on combat uniform and a battle vest, took off some gear from his locker, and loaded it into a small box carefully. He carried a rifle across his shoulder and fastened a helmet onto a small hook attached to his belt. The helmet contained all necessary equipment, including a respirator, goggles, etc. When he checked his ammunition pouch and quietly walked away from the barracks, the mud and ice were clanging together under his boots.
Corren took a lighter out of his jacket pocket and a cigarette out of another. With a little puff, he opened the door slightly. From last week, he decided to change how his subordinates would wake up. He stopped using alarm clocks that didn't work well enough to hear any faint clicks coming from the speakers.
As Corren turned around, Lieutenant Nemich could see him walking.
"Ah," Corren replied.
"What do you plan to use this time?"
He wanted to answer but the door was open, and Harris, Cleis, and others already got dressed and ready to go.
"Hail ye, Cleis." Cleis said.
"Do you guys still get up?" asked Corren.
"Yes. One reason is I don't want to see what we'll do for the infantry today. Second reason is because the surprise force who woke up first will have access to breakfast first." One of his subordinates, Ravik, added. "I know you're aware that food gets worse the longer we wait."
"That's right, Special Forces," Corren said. He stretched his arms over his chest and pressed the switch. Alarm bells rang loudly in the barracks. He heard screams from outside and soldiers scrambling as they came running inside.
"Calm down, Valter," Nemich said. "You should be getting used to waking up when you're supposed to when you're supposed to wake up at your own time."
"Oh, the campers here are aware," Corren said, looking at Harris, Cleis, and Ravik. "But they know they're above them, so they're going to wake up before us."
In a few seconds, the rest of the unit followed. Every single one of them had everything they needed, from their personal gear to their new recruits. Some were confused, while others looked grumpy.
"Hail ye, everyone," Corren said cheerfully.
"I'm sorry to say, why do we need to wake up like this?" one of the surprise forces asked.
"The regular alarms aren't good either. And the Debraek Army doesn't nap." Corren said firmly.
"Check if you've brought all the stuff." Corren continued. As captain, and as deputy captain, and as commander-in-chief Colonel Boradin Shou, he was responsible for supervising and supporting the corps. "We won't return there. We'll spend fifteen minutes with sergeants and captains, and you and your subunits to make final checks and secure supplies for the day."
The members of Exodus dispersed quickly. They were part of the Second Infantry, part of the Second Shock Corps. Before they became integrated, they originally consisted of two independent units, Cohort and Dagger. They were elite units, and Corren's complicated decision to promote himself to captain was mainly due to that.
Corren and Lieutenant Nemich walked side by side under a large number of lights from generators in the forward operating base, which were mostly painted red to blend in with enemy bombers. The Debraek Army relied on air and ground attacks against them, utilizing Wild Winger jets.
"And another day ends, and the front line of Hell begins again." Nemich said with a dry laugh. "Where are we going?"
"It's the Forward Operating Base near Ianros. It's sent for land attack support." Corren replied, smoking his cigarette. He felt like scolding Cleis for suggesting cigarettes, but after the year-long war, he couldn't bear the strain.
"No. The situation on the front has gotten tough." Nemich snapped. "All the news we receive comes from here. 'War effort in aid.' If we send supplies to the Haund front, what happens then?"
"Well, brother," Corren pointed his cigarette butt at the mud. "Anyway, we're not going to walk anymore with the First Armored Brigade. Colonel Shou should be there."
"He's going to take me in a car, huh?" Nemich was a bit surprised.
"Yeah. Honestly, he wasn't such a bad guy as I thought. Not great though."
With his thumb and index finger gripping the mouthpiece of his pistol, Corren shifted his stomach muscles. "The entire Exodus brigade is gathering at the Western Depot once more. We're leaving at five with the First Armored Brigade."
A reply from each officer in a few seconds. Harris, Cleis, and Ravik were all junior officers when they arrived. All four had been good friends since their basic training. Corren felt like meeting them for the first time in years. In fact, it hadn't been two years yet. They were lieutenant commanders, but now Cleis was leading the second company for about a week. The previous commander-in-chief had been shot by sniper fire from the Debraek Army's fighter jet and had been taken care of by medical evacuation.
When Corren and Nemich walked to the depot, they stopped in front of about eight Crenates main battle tanks and four Strikers. They were checking to make sure their fighting vehicles were ready. Corren's eye immediately went to Colonel Shou, commander of the armored brigade, talking. As they approached, Shou looked at them and started walking, but there was nothing emotional about his usual cold demeanor.
"Nemich, Captain Valter..." Colonel Shou said. "You should be getting used to waking up when you're supposed to."
<<<DOC>>>
"Right, Captain. You're heading for the barracks now. We've given you time to get supplies from the cafeteria." Exactly at five o'clock, Exodus Company assembled at their depot. Shou climbed aboard and began talking.
"We're moving forward to I-131, a forward operating base located about fifty miles from Ianros. It will support our ongoing invasion of Ianros, as well as provide cover fire on the attack on Ianros in turn, clearing out the rebels who have been growing up along the mountain foothills." Shou explained. "We'll split them up."
As the company disassembled and reassembled its individual brigades, soldiers loaded men onto one of the tanks. Corren climbed aboard another tank further ahead in line, joining Nemic and two new recruits. He knew they had arrived only a few days before, but he didn't know these two people well enough to be aware of them. Sitting cross-legged beside the tank, he adjusted his headset microphone and his personal backpack radio.
"What's going on with Harris?" everyone asked when the chatter subsided.
"Harris has a chicken," Nemic said.
"He stole a chicken from the farm?" Corren recalled remembering that morning. "Yeah, probably."
He looked into the tank's turret, where he saw Harris was still in his own brigade. Behind the back of his backpack, a small chicken's head could be seen peeking around.
"Yeah, Harris is still in there," Corren replied, and the turret's hatch opened with a loud bang, revealing the commander.
"All tanks fired," the commander said calmly, but clearly through his headset. The engines of the tank and truck boomed as the unit started moving forward. As Corren rode his Chrono, it bounced violently as the brakes were released, joining the line. The tank took a zigzag formation and moved across the flatlands of Etnia. In winter storms, wetlands and forests froze over, but mud remained always.
After an hour or so, one of the recruits, whose name was Orson, opened his mouth. "Captain, you're coming here since we first started this operation?"
"Yes," Corren replied. "The Firestorm Operation. I thought it would take weeks, but... I just kept watching them."
"I don't understand why you keep watching them," Nemic added. "They had more weapons and troops than we anticipated. They destroyed Revanta in the first two weeks, and then they shot Elbas last month. Damn it, I can see them coming off this route."
"But I'm fighting for the Union no matter what," Orson said in a defiant voice. "I won't be scared of terrorists."
"Now I'm saying that, but based on my experience, most of the new recruits like you are able to hide behind gunfire." Cris said.
"It'll all be okay," Corren laughed. Orson did not continue speaking.
Exodus Lieutenant Colonel, Exodus Commander," his radio crackled. "Thermal source detected 350 yards to the right at 20 degrees."
Corren lifted his body off the top of the tank and pressed his optic goggle. Switching to thermal vision, he saw a source far away.
"Oh, yeah," Corren replied using his throat mic.
Is that an enemy? Another recruit named Naitra heard.
"I don't know," Corren said, pointing his microphone toward his hands. "Exodus Company, hold fire unless attacked. Let's lure them in."
A small source turned from a blob into a clearer shape as they approached. Further closer, one of the recruits stumbled out of something and grabbed it, and then ran back to the little ridge where they were standing. The figure entered combat stance.
"Enemy contact," Shou shouted over the radio as the tail gunner fired an orange-tinted guided missile from the ridge. The surprise force jumped off the tank and then slipped behind it, and the bullets streaked across the side of the tank. A ground-to-air missile vibrated, passed rapidly, and collided with the ground behind the formation. It exploded, sending a piece of armor flying into the tank. Another missile struck the side of the trucker's APS-Kelberovs, exploding. As the ammunition burned, the soldiers scrambled out and hid quickly.
Shou approached the figure as he stood ready to fall. Then he looked at one of the Sentinels. "How many dead?"
Three dead, Captain," the Sentinels replied. "The rest fled."
Shou nodded, turning to Corren and Cris who stood nearby. "Bad luck, you two got me."
<<<DOC>>>
A show of works by Sisoo, themed around the earth and water, will be held at the new gallery.
The work “People Swimming in the Pool” was created in 2022 and is one of Beníte’s works that will be exhibited at the Tierra del Sol Gallery on January 13. (Photo courtesy of Beníte)
In the new gallery in West Hollywood, Tierra del Sol will hold another exhibition of Beníte’s works, titled “Beníte: Memories of Earth and Water.” Since 2012, Sisoo has been working with Studio Art Program, and this is her first solo exhibition. She grew up in Madrid, Venezuela, Trinidad and Miami, where she moved to Southern California with her family in their early 20s.
Sisoo has created many paintings, sculptures, and still-life works using acrylic, pastel, pencil, and watercolor, each reflecting his interest in different subjects. His colorful works based on family portraits, personal archives, and memories reflect his wide range of interests and diverse techniques. Tropical landscapes and sea scenes reflect places he once lived, combining rich imagery and people to harmonize culture, memory, and environment. Sisoo often titles his works in both Spanish and English, but these titles symbolize the diversity of his life in Los Angeles County. “Beníte: Memories of Earth and Water” opens on Saturday, Jan. 13 (from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.) and runs until March 3.
Address for Tierra del Sol Gallery: 7414 Santa Monica Blvd. For more information, visit tierradelsolgallery.org.
<<<DOC>>>
We can embrace old and welcome new, to solve problems.
Take the Sydney CBD as an example at the regional level: it grew from pre-settlement landscapes, up through two-story buildings with 150-foot ceilings, to today’s skyline of high-rise towers. At a finer scale, similar changes could occur in central Sydney, around transit hubs. Residential areas in the city center must also be redeveloped to meet higher heights than existing trees while still being affordable. Naturally, newly built housing will need to incorporate trees, landscaping, parks, and other essential infrastructure into its design.
To avoid that future suburbanization by those who don’t like change, we’ll have to rethink our urban planning system. For instance, there could be a separate decision-making body that approves quality designs meeting criteria such as not exceeding tree height, family-sized living spaces, wide balconies, and shared gardens. Those roles would fall to experienced architects familiar with detailed regulations and codes.
Over the past decade, our lives have changed thanks to technology. Many people work remotely, and Sydney has a wonderful underground and light rail network. Shopping habits have shifted due to online shopping, and smartphones allow us to feel more connected to friends and families. Adapting to these new systems is possible in our building environment too, provided we focus on effective use rather than preserving heritage.
Chris Johnson was former NSW State Architect (1995–2005), NSW Planning Commissioner (2005–2009). He is CEO of Aruba Taskforce Australia from 2011 to 2019.
<<<DOC>>>
We need to get women equal, one step at a time.
The World Economic Forum last year predicted that it would take five generations for all countries to achieve gender equality, but the World Bank wants this period shortened dramatically.
In order to make progress towards achieving greater equity and resilience through increased access to financial services, technological innovation, public policy and legal reform, the World Bank has launched its strategy to significantly advance women’s rights and economic opportunities by 2030.
A draft of the plan outlines how recent research shows that social norms and patterns can be changed, such as finding ways to engage men in promoting support and endorsement for gender equality. It also suggests that deepening our understanding of how social norms and patterns shape expectations, priorities and actions in life could accelerate and spread positive impacts on gender issues.
It is more difficult to quantify changes in thought than calculating the number of rural women who receive bank loans or the percentage of girls who go to school, but there are many examples of how women power mountains. In Iran, for example, the government’s most significant threat over the past four decades was the law forcing women to hide their hair, which they did not follow. There are even some countries with very few female legislators, like India, where male resistance to women’s voting rights and political activity is growing.
Some communities in Africa have transformed harmful rituals into health education programs. One program helped change the way Kamunda Timayo, a village chief in Kenya and Mparasha Masai, viewed female genital mutilation. He told The Rwanda News that he intended to “get rid of ignorance” about the practice.
Other examples from around the world show how much more we need to do. Between 1970 and 2022, Bhutan saw literacy rates quadruple and job creation double. Its GDP tripled, and the momentum was strong. By hiring women full-time in schools and hospitals, community members built trust rapidly, making it easier for women’s activities and work to gain acceptance in society.
World Bank plans will continue to focus on changing norms and institutions that require new ones. In Rwanda, it took over two decades to establish a model case for land reforms to improve women’s economic status. When President Paul Kagame spoke out in 2015 advocating for land reforms, he said, “When women are oppressed, no one gets anything.” We must change not only laws but also thinking patterns.
The World Bank hopes these messages will spread.
<<<DOC>>>
German farmers and railway workers threatening the economy’s stability.
In Germany, where large-scale strikes between laborers and managers are rare, they have become almost unprecedented. The country is currently facing multiple strikes at once: eight days of “activity week” for angry farmers blocking roads with tractors, three days of railway worker strikes, plus doctors closing their clinics from Christmas to New Year’s Day. This, collectively known as the “bear claw mob,” will test Germany’s harmonious relations with its workers next year.
These protests were launched on the pretext of cuts in government subsidies for diesel fuel and the abolition of vehicle tax exemptions for agricultural vehicles. These measures have pushed farmers to the limit. And this situation will bring together other frustrated workers who have already endured inflation, recessions, and the pressure of the government’s autonomous contractionary fiscal policy.
To ease tensions with farmers, the government agreed to gradually phase out diesel fuel subsidies over three years and maintain vehicle tax exemptions. Farmers rejected the deal. On January 4, when Chancellor Robert Habeck returned home after family trips, extremist farmers blocked ferry departures.
The IW Center warns that if railway workers feel similarly frustrated, it could hurt the German economy badly. If the industry is forced to suspend operations, companies will lose up to one billion euros (US$110 million) per day. Major industries such as automobiles, science, and steel, which rely heavily on rail transport, face these risks.
Workers’ anger has grown even more. “Propaganda with revolutionary fantasies is spreading,” says Habeck. The far-right party “For Deutschland” (AfD) is eager to stir up discontent. Another far-right group, “Freiheitsachsen” (Freedom Saxony), infiltrated farmer demonstrations in Dresden, calling for the cancellation of traffic lights.
Thomas Palsch, IW Center leader, fears that the strike will damage the image of Germany as a business hub. Domestic managers are beginning to worry about the possibility of a German version of the French Jilanne movement in 2018. A yellow-jacketed demonstration set fire to cars along the Seine, and police used tear gas to block entry.
<<<DOC>>>
Brewers get angry at the ban on waste exemption for wineries, while wine industry leaders say that beer producers have been unfairly discriminated against in discussions about packaging waste restrictions in Europe.
In order to curb the surge of packaging waste across the EU, new legislation has been agreed upon, but European brewers warn that excluding them from both the reuse target and the refund scheme is unfair and could be illegal.
The environmental ministry has also reached an agreement with the EU Council to negotiate the PPWR agenda ahead of Christmas, which already takes place at the technical level, and it’s now moving towards political negotiations with the upcoming European summit.
The European Brewers Association has submitted a document to the European Parliament and government officials stating its position: “If the PPWR targets and requirements apply to beer, then there will be legal obligations to exclude all alcoholic beverage categories.”
At the ministerial summit in December, the brewery sector was concerned about being unfairly treated by the 10-year deadline to either reuse or recycle up to 10 percent of products in reusable containers, and to raise this requirement to 40 percent by 2040, which would exclude wineries from the guaranteed return scheme scheduled to be introduced by 2029.
While Belgium, like other EU countries, has been elected as the chair of the EU Council since 2019, and remains neutral during intergovernmental talks until early spring, it hopes to reach an agreement with parliament soon.
Industry representative Ignatius Sanchez-Ricarte of the International Association of Wine Growers in Europe says he is negative about concerns raised by breweries. He told Euro News that the global conglomerate market for beer is not comparable to the domestic market, where most is composed of small-scale producers.
He questioned the credibility of the brewery’s claims, noting that over 99 percent of the domestic wine industry is comprised of SMEs, and that the association is focused on providing relevant information to policy makers.
“Knowing what I think is my job isn’t to set goals for the beer industry. It’s because they’re shaped by their own characteristics,” Sanchez-Ricarte said. “Similarly, they should focus on their own responsibilities rather than making statements about others’ business.”
Last year, the European Commission published a brief statement on the lawfulness of the relationship between wine and beer, which argued that these two products are somewhat different and that any rules favoring one product may distort the market.
Simon Spilrein, the managing director of the Lobby group, noted that breweries are already leading the way in terms of sustainability of packaging, and that 165 times more bottles are reused before being crushed and recycled, compared to the 30 years it takes to process and recycle a bottle.
<<<DOC>>>
The Biden administration’s corporate criminal justice reform efforts have been criticized by the public, and former EPA attorney general Timothy Whitehouse has acknowledged that these efforts will be difficult to implement while he said that “to build an effective enforcement program we need sustained funding and political support over the long term.” He also noted that “unstable congressional politics is not only depleting EPA staff morale but also eroding strategic thinking over time.”
While the EPA’s own issues are its own, the agency’s role in handling environmental crimes through the Department of Justice does not necessarily mean it’s unrelated to the problems faced by the Environmental Resources Defense Council (ERDC). The EPA’s former director of enforcement, who served as the head of the ERDC from 1990 to 2007, was one of the most senior environmental officers at the agency, and the agency sends some of its most serious civil and criminal cases to the ERDC, which often turns to other agencies when resources are limited. In 2022, tourism protection sent fewer than 88 cases since 2000 to the DOJ, and the number of resolved civil cases since then was the lowest ever recorded. As environmental projects point out, even under Trump, the EPA averaged 94 civil cases per year being tried and 106 sent to the DOJ.
The agency’s stance on corporate criminal justice reform has been harsh from both supporters and critics. While the watchdogs acknowledge some of what the agency did during the tenure of former Attorney General Merrick Garland – including building a database on corporate crimes – the Biden administration’s version of the agency has taken a big hit from a moratorium agreement with companies to defer or avoid prosecution, and has encouraged them to hold employees more accountable in order to avoid broader lawsuits. Former EPA criminal justice reform chief Kenneth Pollett Jr., who became the former EPA deputy director, changed the agency’s corporate governance practices to reduce the likelihood of future prosecutions.
<<<DOC>>>
The government's closure debate fuels the Republican split in the House.
Hardline members of the House who have been strict on spending have voted against this bill in a series of votes today, strongly opposing its leadership. This is an anti-meeting with the Democratic leadership that President Mike Johnson said he had agreed to last week on the budget bill, and hardliners think the bill doesn't cut enough for fiscal cuts.
Republican leader Louisiana Governor-elect Governor Johnson has avoided facing this issue until next Monday, but the United States will meet its deadline for voting on four out of 12 bills in the budget bill on January 19. Johnson has publicly stated that he won't support a "bridge budget" (CR), which would extend the deadlines for those four bills until February 2.
However, as the deadline approaches nine days away, Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says that Congress must pass the bridge budget if it wants to keep the government functioning. In other words, his pro-Republican right-wing platform could soon be broken. Such tactics could create ideological debates between the opposition in the House over the role of spending cuts, lead to part of the government being closed down or result in President Johnson's removal from office.
Matt Rosenfeld, a Republican elected from Montana, told The New Yorker that he was very clear that the bridge budget isn't a way to provide funding to the government, and that he had made it abundantly clear that we were mandated by our 1974 appropriations law to vote on these 12 bills: "We had plenty of time to vote. If the leadership didn't tell the committees to finish their work and instruct the members how they should vote, there was something wrong."
On December 12, 2023, President Mike Johnson was photographed at the U.S. Capitol in Washington DC. He couldn't agree to any level of spending cuts, and now faces confrontation with the Republican Appropriations Committee. Photo by Kevin Deitch/Getty Images
Rosenfeld, a conservative hardliner from Freehold County, Maryland, was one of the people who disrupted the Tuesday vote. He sees the total amount of spending agreed to by President Johnson as too high, and thinks it wouldn't help to reduce the country's $128 trillion debt.
He also raised objections to the Budget Responsibility Act, which was reached with Democrats, including former House Speaker Ken Cannery, among 71 Republicans. This agreement was set up around conditions for negotiations with President Johnson's new Senate Majority Leader, Charles Schumer.
While President Johnson welcomed an estimated $16 billion in spending cuts, Freehold County conservatives see them as insufficient. Moderate Republicans who supported Schumer's agreement view them as unrealistic, because they don't align with Republican goals of having individual appropriations bills voted by Congress rather than using the Omnibus method of approving all 12 bills together.
Mike Rollator, a Republican elected from New York, told The New Yorker that he wasn't supportive of closures, so he had no objection to passing a short-term bridge budget to complete the process. "I don't think we need to do anything about this," he said. "We can just wait and see what happens. We've got plenty of time to vote. And I'm not supportive of closures. So I don't think we need to go through this process again."
Since 1996, the legislature has never voted on every single bill individually. Rollator noted that delaying the approval of four bills would be worth the risk of the legislature failing to approve all 12 by December. If the legislature fails to vote on all 12 before December, the military and civil budgets would be adjusted by a 1 percent reduction under the Budget Responsibility Act.
Thomas Macey, a Republican elected from Kentucky, did not protest the Tuesday vote, even though he was one of the most fiscally conservative Republicans in the party. He said that the bridge budget could trigger a one percent reduction in spending, and that it might be the best way to end ongoing "border policy" while keeping the government functioning.
Macey also said that the most responsible way to cut spending was to approve all 12 bills. Many Republicans are hesitant to close parts of the government and cut the military by one percent, but if enough Republicans get together with Democrats to extend the deadlines for the four spending bills and reach an agreement on providing funds, then even if President Johnson gets harsh criticism from some hardliners, that may still happen.
"We're going to have to make sure that each of these 12 bills is voted on separately, and that we'll take care of it in committee," Macey said. "And obviously, you'd better spend more time doing that. But I think that's how I want to do it."
<<<DOC>>>
Cryptocurrencies mark a major turning point as regulators approve new Bitcoin ETFs.
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) last Friday approved unconditionally the creation of an on-balance exchange trust fund to hold Bitcoin, which is expected to be a big step for crypto enthusiasts but has been criticized by financial watchdogs skeptical about the industry.
The SEC approved 10 on-balance ETFs that invest in Bitcoin, including funds like BlackRock’s and Fidelity’s, among others, while saying it was not approving or endorsing Bitcoin itself.
“Today we have approved the creation of certain on-balance Bitcoin ETFs for trading and listing purposes, but we do not approve or endorse Bitcoin,” said SEC Chair Gary Gensler in a statement. “Investors should continue to be aware of the various risks associated with Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency-linked commodities.”
Gensler also added that this approval does not mean that the SEC will now approve any other digital currency-based investment trusts or on-balance ETFs.
He emphasized that what happened today was limited to holding non-asset products like Bitcoin, which did not show that the committee had the intention to approve its criteria for creating an on-balance asset standard for cryptocurrencies. It also did not indicate that the approval would reflect the committee’s view on the status of other cryptocurrencies under the US securities law or the current state of the market for investors in specific cryptocurrencies who are not complying with the US securities law.
SEC has long rejected similar applications. However, in last year, the U.S. District Court in Colombia ruled against the SEC’s decision to reject an application to convert the Greenspan Financial Services Fund into a Bitcoin-backed product.
In light of these situations and the more detailed content discussed around the approval order, he believes that one of the most sustainable paths forward is to create an on-balance Bitcoin ETF and allow trading and listing.
This welcome approval marks a big turning point for digital currencies, and supporters see it as a milestone to open up the gateways for Bitcoin investments and to provide a catalyst for widespread acceptance of cryptocurrencies as legitimate financial assets. While Bitcoin prices surged from approximately $25,000 to over $45,000 in September, this is partly because many Bitcoin investors believe that demand for their assets will increase further through ETFs.
Critics condemned the SEC at night last week.
DeNis M. Kehrah, co-founder and CEO of Better Markets, said the approval was “a historic mistake that not only unleashed millions of investors and retirees into the crypto trap, but could also harm financial stability.”
“Who imagined that allowing the SEC to approve a trusted old investment vehicle in a world where there are massive arrests, criminal convictions, bankruptcy, lawsuits, scandals, huge losses, and a broken-down, chaotic, bankrupting crypto industry that affects millions of investors and customers?” asked Kehrah.
<<<DOC>>>
Raising complaints about Russian usage in Ukraine: 30% increase reported by authorities to the government of Russia and former Soviet Union; RT Russia and former Soviet Union
Authorities calling for citizens to report those who speak Russian
The number of complaints received from people speaking Russian increased by 30 percent last year, prompting the Ukrainian government to encourage citizens to report such incidents, but claiming that this is done to protect their country from Russian influence.
According to the Ministry of National Language Protection, there were 3,692 reports of language law violations in 2023. Kyiv, Halychyna, Odessa continue to have the highest numbers of complaints. Thus, it should be an important priority for local leaders this year to strictly regulate citizens’ rights to use their native language in all aspects of public life, as well as the national linguist Talas Kremen, who claims that this is done to protect Ukraine from Russian influence.
He also noted that he imposed a fine of 3,400 rubles (US $89) on taxi drivers in Kyiv who had spoken Russian when they were providing transportation services. He said, “If the right to receive information or services in one’s own language has been violated, then detailed procedures must be followed.” He urged citizens to file complaints with the website of the Ministry of National Language Protection immediately if such an incident occurs.
In 2019, the government issued laws requiring the use of Ukrainian in every aspect of public life, including health care, science, education, media, etc. Violations could result in fines. Since the start of military conflict with Russia in February 2022, Ukraine has implemented its campaign against Russian influence completely, stating that it is necessary to protect itself from Russian influence through parliamentarians. Local authorities have introduced bans on art, concerts, books, films, music, and full-semester Russian learning at schools and universities, encouraging students to converse in Ukrainian during breaks.
In August last year, a group of teenage singers was temporarily detained on the streets of Lviv city for singing a song by a former Soviet-era singer Viktor Tsao, and demanding footage of apology videos. There was also strong opposition to the dismissal of several teachers who spoke Russian in school.
Oleksandr Danilov, Secretary-General of the Security and Defense Council, stated that “Russian language, which has become an element of indoctrination and spreading counter-revolutionary propaganda, must disappear from our territory”.
The Russian government argues that these laws infringe upon the rights of half of the population speaking Russian. The Russian Foreign Ministry press secretary Maria Zhalova stated in February that the Ukrainian government’s discriminatory campaigns against Russian speakers can make people feel angry and dissatisfied. In September last year, the International Sociology Institute in Kyiv conducted a survey, where respondents identified linguistic discrimination as the most prevalent prejudice in Ukraine, and 45 per cent answered yes.
<<<DOC>>>
Scotland’s National Party does not allow the “normal” medical service crisis to become normal – Z Scottman Commentary
The latest statistics on NHS services make it clear that things have gotten worse – we need to raise our voices of anger.
According to experts at King’s College London Hospital for Emergency Medicine, patients were held in emergency rooms for an average of 83 hours and four out of ten patients had been held for more than four hours outside the hospital, with 30 ambulances parked around the hospital and no response to requests from other hospitals, staff worried about deteriorating care levels and “sweat-stained” leaving shifts.
If people can just say that Scotland’s NHS is not in crisis or that this is just a common winter problem, then we need to raise our voices of anger. The danger is that politicians like Prime Minister Michael Maness, who, while regretful, believes that this is within acceptable limits and nothing he can do given the current situation, will convince us that this is normal.
In the midst of growing calls for his resignation as PM after the failed attempt by the Scottish National Party to restore its health system, Maness said that “healthcare has been squeezed during the winter”. Instead of blaming Parliament, he tried to find an excuse: “We’ve all been forced to wait hours and hours enduring pain and suffering.”
He acknowledged that delays in discharge (patients who recover so well they’re often unable to leave because they don’t receive the social care they need) was the main factor but claimed that action plans were being implemented quickly. If you think that this is something that has been going on for years, there won’t be many people expecting Scotland’s National Party to finally come up with a solution.
New statistics from the Scottish Health Service Executive show that things are definitely getting worse. In November, 1,910 people were delayed in their hospital admissions, which increased from 1,730 in April. One reason why ambulance crews couldn’t move patients quickly was that the ward was full and the emergency room was also full.
From the state of healthcare in the country, it seems that what Scotland’s National Party talks about regarding recovery plans and action plans is just empty talk, dangerous as such. We cannot trust incompetent politicians to help us with the collapse of Britain’s wonderful health system.
<<<DOC>>>
Circular economy on the rise – Building up recycling companies, new factory in Cambondale.
This movement will also be of great help to reusing the former Gortshoash Works facility which is now an open landfill.
Scottish recyclers who have processed over 1 million tonnes of construction waste previously have invested millions of pounds to build their second factory.
The washing plant at Bristol Brothers has turned all excavated soil and rubble into high-value building materials for reuse. The site in Livingstone, near West London, has avoided transporting over 1.35 million tonnes of construction, demolition and excavation waste over the past six years and has converted more than one million tonnes of recycled building material into commercial products.
Bristol Brothers plans to invest again in its second recycling facility as part of its expansion beyond £6 million, while Gortshoash Works is being rebuilt in the remote area of Cambondale. A new factory will serve the west central belt of construction sites, housing and public buildings, and the livingston community of 39 employees intends to continue providing sustainable waste management services and recycled building material to businesses in Edinburgh, Fife and Lothian.
Scott Bruntstone, CEO of Bristol Brothers, says: “As Scotland’s construction industry becomes increasingly aware that it needs to use more recycled materials and secondary materials to reduce natural resource usage and carbon emissions, our investment in this region’s second factory shows that there is still room for growth.”
“Scotland is set to make a big leap towards circularity with government planning a new local tax on new-use materials to encourage this transition from virgin production,” he adds.
In addition to using the former Gortshoash Works facility, which was built out of stacked coal mine waste, the company plans to turn the site back into a rural park for local residents.
<<<DOC>>>
Politicians’ rent ceilings policies are wrong. Politicians tend to seek intervention when they think they can do something about it, but there is often a simple and straightforward solution that already has the experts on board.
The Rent Control Act 2022, which introduced a temporary ceiling on rents in Scotland until around six months ago, was meant to ease the burden of the housing affordability crisis. According to latest statistics from the Scottish government, last year alone, the average price for one bedroom unit rose by at least 11.7%, while two-bedroom units rose as high as 14.3%. Since the implementation of the Rent Control Act in October 2022, all types of property (from one to four bedrooms and flats within properties) have seen rents rise more than three times over the past 12 years.
Many stakeholders in the housing sector warned repeatedly about this possibility, but were not convinced. The government’s passive view that market trends dictate prices rather than vice versa, however, suggests that if the government and the sector work together, understand each other better, negotiate and agree upon plans based on the principles of demand and supply, then the situation could be avoided.
With the repeal of the Rent Control Act on 31 March 2024, new agreement documents propose further restrictions on future rent increases. This meeting concluded this week with proposals for a new tiered system that would set the lowest possible rent increase under three benchmarks: open-market rent increases, new landlord proposals, and an adjusted rent increase calculated using the market rent-to-rent ratio.
If expert opinions are not taken into account, tenants in Scotland may face even greater rises in rents.
This tiered approach sets rents between 6% and up to 15%, which will exceed the historic annual CPI rate. But worse still, this system is very complex and difficult to implement and monitor, and it places huge costs on the authorities. There is already a first instance of residential court proceedings where landlords and tenants are held to judge whether or not rent increases are fair, but the new system does not benefit either party and could further increase bureaucratic complexity.
Unfortunately, this document also imposes additional regulations on the housing sector. A simpler solution would be to restore normal market conditions without external controls on rent levels. That would mean falling below the recent half-year rent growth rate. To ensure long-term stability in rental prices, the government needs to invest in and promote the private rented sector, while providing substantial funding for the expansion of public housing. Greater investment in the private rented sector brings greater stability to the housing market. With both markets growing, demand and supply should eventually balance out, and rents should become stable. Adopting this strategy would help address the current housing crisis effectively. Other options don’t exist.
<<<DOC>>>
Greggs aims to increase profits by expanding its retail footprint while maintaining prices.
The FTSE 250 company that is known for its sausage rolls and beef patty has announced plans to expand its network but will keep prices the same.
Consumer-focused bakeries like Greggs have no intention of raising prices next year and has announced it will open 160 stores outside the city center.
CEO Royson Carey said last week that he was not expecting price increases this year because “stable cost structures” were expected, but added that many other businesses in the retail sector face wage hikes due to rising living costs, and that deflation may still be ahead. He also noted that rising wages would be good news for consumers.
Greggs has also announced plans to open up 160 more stores next year, bringing its total to 2,473 locations by 2023, which was a strong performance with 220 new openings in 2023, 33 closures and 42 relocations. This resulted in an additional 145 store additions, reaching a total of 2,473 locations.
In addition to its 140-160-store expansion plan for 2024, where customers can use their location, the company continues to look at large shopping centers, tourist attractions, street vendors and industrial estates. CEO Carey said, “If there’s any place I don’t currently feel comfortable using, I’d love to go anywhere.”
It also plans to extend its nighttime hours on some of its existing stores, focusing on those with the most traffic. Its quarterly earnings report showed that its all-day store sales increased 9.4% compared to the previous year, but this was offset by the negative impact of inflation as reported over the past three months, from a 14.2% increase overall. Overall, its existing store sales grew 13.7%, reaching $18 billion in revenue, a 5-for-1 increase.
Greggs also stated that demand for its vegetarian menu remains strong, and recently introduced a new plant-based steak bake, as well as festive options such as festive baked potatoes, chocolate orange meringues and Christmas lunch baguettes.
Matt Britzman, a stock analyst for Hargrove Lansdowne, commented that Greggs could be described as “a year of remarkable progress,” citing extended operating hours, increased delivery options, improved supply chain capabilities and a new product line of fresh, tasty bread. He further noted that while festive options like festive baked potatoes and chocolate orange meringues remain a draw during the holiday season, overall sales growth has been slowing down, particularly in the fourth quarter of 2023 when it reached its lowest level, but that inflationary pressures are easing, and that Greggs has successfully kept prices low.
<<<DOC>>>
Prime Minister Rishi Snuck’s acquittal invalidated the law, and unforeseen consequences – Scottum Commentary
Politicians who think of their court verdicts as self-justifying have effectively placed themselves on the legal system.
For years, especially in Scottum, the paper has pointed out that hundreds of post office clerks were wrongly convicted in the Horizon scandal, one of the most serious miscarriages of justice in history. They were imprisoned, lost homes, marriages, reputations, and suffered mental anguish for being guilty while innocent.
The root cause of the case is alleged to be a flaw in the Horizon computer system, but Prime Minister Kevin Horinlake said yesterday that he was disappointed that only 95 out of over 900 convictions had been overturned, noting that evidence showed not just incompetence but malice in the post offices. A new law is expected to make England and Wales more likely to acquit these victims, and the UK government says it will work with the Scottish government on similar measures.
With the election year approaching, ITV’s harrowing TV drama “Bessie vs. The Post Office” has brought extraordinary impact. For years, politicians who had been inept suddenly began acting proactively. But there are problems with how Prime Minister Snuck approaches this.
Firstly, a blanket acquittal of hundreds of people could inadvertently include those who were wrongly convicted. But if we consider the urgent need to save them, this may be worth paying the price. The second problem is even more serious. In the context of populists testing political limits, overturning court rulings could create dangerous precedents.
In America, President Donald Trump is trying to avoid prosecution. In Britain, former PM Boris Johnson illegally closed Parliament to advance his Brexit plan, and Prime Minister Snuck hopes to secure an endorsement from the highest court to declare Rwanda a safe country without violating its sovereignty.
Separation of powers between government, parliament, and judiciary is an important defense against authoritarianism. Politicians who think of their court verdicts as self-justifying place themselves on the legal system. Voters should clearly express that they do not approve such behavior, except in extreme cases.
<<<DOC>>>
Re-entrance into the system of confinement for people with serious health issues in the state's prisons.
The system of incarceration in the state is facing an existential crisis, and we face one of our most difficult but unavoidable realities as co-chairs of the special committee that studies the state's prison system and proposes changes to improve its safety. We all agree that we need independent oversight by institutions outside of the prison system, regardless of our backgrounds, including those who have been incarcerated.
In 2022, more than 130,000 people were incarcerated in the state's prisons, yet there is surprisingly little information about what's happening inside them. There is no statewide agency responsible for monitoring prisons or reporting on prisoners' well-being. The only data available is partial information on deaths during incarceration.
Our findings make it clear that immediate action is required. Even taking into account population growth, the death rate in the state's prisons between 2000 and 2009 was nearly triple the national average, representing a 16-fold increase. This is far above the level seen in other states, which means that the state now ranks fourth nationally for incarceration mortality rates.
Overcoming this situation will require difficult policy decisions to reverse trends in incarceration mortality and address many of the other challenges prisons face. But independent oversight by institutions outside of the prison system could be a crucial first step toward creating safe and humane systems of incarceration. Independent oversight has proven itself as a proven tool to enhance transparency and accountability across the nation, including in the state of Washington.
We seek to codify the committee's recommendations to revive independent oversight of jails and county jails throughout the state, as well as city and town jails, to promote public trust and evidence-based decision-making.
Haley Ockington: A veteran anti-corruption activist and local advocate serving as Executive Director at Beyond These Walls in Washington State.
Ianson Frenchman: Special attorney for disability rights in Washington, advocating for disabled individuals in both prisons and jails.
<<<DOC>>>
How to check whether the aircraft type is a Boeing 737 MAX or not.
For many travelers, the aircraft type does not affect flight reservations. However, due to a number of Boeing 737 MAX 9 jet operations being suspended in the United States following an Alaska Airlines crash on January 6, some passengers may want to know which aircraft type they will be flying and which one is safest. While this information can be relatively easy to find, it can be slightly more complicated.
The aircraft type is usually listed in flight reservation information. On Google Flight, you can view detailed flight information that includes the aircraft type, as well as on each airline’s individual reservation page. If you cannot see the aircraft type on any of these pages for a reason, expert airlines and seatguru websites provide flight information such as seating tables and aircraft types.
It is not always easy to determine which aircraft type is safest. The National Transportation Safety Agency maintains a comprehensive database of accidents and incidents. The Federal Aviation Administration also provides a report on accidents and incidents with relevant aircraft manufacturers from its Aviation Safety Information Analysis Shared Page, including data up to October 19.
Another useful source related to the FAA is the Boeing World Statistics Overview of Commercial Jet Accident Data 1959–2022, which categorizes accidents by aircraft type and rates their safety. In September 2023, this report found that the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350 were the least likely to suffer total damage, meaning they would never need repair, while other aircraft types had experienced total damage once. However, these aircraft types did not operate at all more than 1 million flights as reported in the report.
This report also compares the rate of total damage per 1 million flights, providing context for some aircraft types that have been around longer or are more popular. For example, the Airbus A310, introduced in 1983, has the highest rate of total damage among commercial airliners currently operating, with a rate of 2.53 per 1 million flights. The lowest rate was observed in the Airbus 320 series, including the A321 and A319neos, with a rate of only 0.11 per 1 million flights. The Boeing 737 MAX series, which operated since 2017, had a rate of 1.48 per 1 million flights.
While this report calculates the rate based on 1 million flights, it is important to note that aircraft types that have been around for decades, such as the Boeing 727 introduced in 1964, accumulate a lot of accident records compared to others.
Perry Cooper, communications director at Seattle Port Authority, which manages Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, emailed me saying that reasons for accidents range from equipment problems to human error. Therefore, knowing the aircraft type when you are flying is easier but still difficult enough to judge the safety of the aircraft type.
Based on available data, the aircraft type can be compared, but the FAA calls for agencies not to compare aircraft based on accident records. According to reports cited by the agency, “at this time there is no basis for ranking air carriers based on their safety record derived from accident data.”
The FAA responded to requests for comment by stating that “the differences in safety record between air carriers seen in recent years are largely driven by rare, catastrophic events, and these clear distinctions tend to converge over time.”
<<<DOC>>>
The reasons behind the transfer of responsibility for the dysfunctional political system to former President Bata Edou.
Former president Bata Edou is being asked by the current president, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to resign due to allegations that his Humanitarian and Poverty Reduction Minister, who was responsible for the country’s 58 million Naira relief fund, misused funds in an unexplained way. The minister has been ordered by Owatodo Joint Audit Commission (OJAC) to direct the same amount into individual accounts of individuals, but this has caused widespread public outcry.
According to leaked notes dated December 20, 2023, the minister had instructed OJAC to send money from the National Social Investment Agency’s account to an individual account of Brigitte Oniour, the accounting officer under his jurisdiction, to help pay for the project “For the Weak”.
Rashid Zebair, a reporting officer at the Associated Press, argues that Edou replaced the previous government official with whom he was responsible for claiming that the act was legal within Nigeria’s civil service framework. However, it violates one of Nigeria’s financial regulations adopted in 2009 which clearly prohibits officials from using private accounts to make payments to government agencies or vice versa. Additionally, section 713 of the 2009 Financial Regulations chapter states that “no person shall deposit personal funds in a government bank account and no public funds shall be deposited in a private account”, and that “a person who deposits public funds in a private account will be considered to have intended fraud”.
A senior lawyer at a major commercial bank commented on the report as follows: “There are some issues with this case. First, the ministry is relatively new and there was a violation committed by its predecessor, the first president Sadia Umar Falcou. It is possible that the ministry operates according to its policies, but it violated the Public Tendering Rules by depositing public funds in a private account. Furthermore, it is not necessarily fraudulent if the ministry does not provide any valid reason for its approval, but it is inappropriate and opaque.”
Political and digital communication experts Akim Akinwale tweeted that the ministry may have used individual accounts without realizing it.
Another political analyst, Iago Awokoye, a lawyer and development manager, also said on his Twitter page that he sympathizes with the former president for his dedication to his work and believes that he may have made mistakes unintentionally.
These claims suggest that there is a disconnect between the federal government and other government bodies. This situation worsened when the leak was revealed, and Edou’s failure to function in the political system became the basis for transferring responsibility for it.