It's a good escape, man.
Human progress never stops, even in the difficult times, when we grow and adapt again. The city is as usual thriving, and our technology is constantly improving. And as we recently discovered Ignniat, we have crossed the peak of human civilization; the greatest goal has not yet been achieved. This new discovery of knowledge is a kind of divine intervention, and we humans can bless the gods with the presence we have on the clouds and on the earth.
At Karascene, everyone in the company of Ignniat is impressed, and we feel that this mineral has tremendous potential -- no need to worry that Ignniat has not yet been evaluated for any side effects or defects, and it's more likely to --
14 January 2543, 10:26.
A click, the day the world is destroyed, is the same show that I'm replaying when I can't move my eyes. When I can't move my eyes, my dad always finds himself turning the channel off -- his dark face makes me feel a bit heartbroken -- and it's always a bad mood when I'm playing, but it opens up so many doors to memories; of course, they're not great. I sigh, slowly stand up, and I move my attention away from this. His sorrowful emotions still linger, and I try to help him relieve his emotions, at least make him happy, but today I'm tired.
When I get to the door, I keep my pace relatively slow, and I say a little to my dad, "I'm going out, dinner in the fridge." He doesn't respond, but he usually hears my voice, and it's probably nothing. I slowly close the door behind me, and when it's completely closed, I sigh again. I almost forgot, I put my hand on the cold metal scanner of the door lock. If there's anything special about this apartment, it's the advanced technology, but to put it plainly, most of the places have excellent technology, but no one has used any other technology for a long time.
I'm walking slowly through the night rain -- not the best choice, but to be honest, it's much better than being in that hot apartment. Most of the sounds you hear from your neighbors are more than you hear from your own music. I sigh a lot, and I turn my gaze forward -- I might go to Al's pawnshop. As a form of diversion, this is just a place I've found that looks interesting. When I hear footsteps behind me, I regret it immediately, maybe I'm overthinking it, but no one is wandering around this place, unless they want to rob or beat up someone. It's a popular place for its black-mafia and gang activities.
Is it not fun? Our people are half-way through their lives, and they're not stopping from hurting each other. I'm trying to speed up, and Al's shop is right at the corner, so I'm not doing anything in there. When I stand in front of a bright sign that says "Alborn's Pawnshop," I turn around and make sure I'm not being followed, and the sign says, "Alborn's Pawnshop!" I slow my pace down, and I enter again -- this place is even more secretive, because Alborn often shelters people who have mutated and entered Paltricus. It's interesting, when I open the door, the lights go out -- Al is gone. There are no refugees, nothing, and this place is a bit off.
<<<DOC>>>
I slipped behind the store and heard a secret conversation outside the metal fence. It took a few pulls to get the fence down. For me, getting to the exit was the safest and quietest option. When I got there, I heard a conversation between two men in strange clothes. I noticed that Al was trapped inside. I knew he would eventually be taken.
Alborn was a good guy, but he looked very serious. He didn’t need to ask anything unrelated, especially when they looked like they were just about to get involved with all the government agencies in the city. But I couldn’t shake the feeling. I sighed quietly, slowly bent the metal fence, and entered a quiet room. “Hey, Al!” Because he didn’t respond, I said quietly, “Lilith? What are you doing here? You have to get out now, he’s going to take you.
Oh no, I told myself. I tried to pry the chains around his arm, and the sound got closer to where we were. The footsteps got louder. He said, “Get out now, get out, don’t come back. If we meet again, we won’t be here in this city.” His fear flicked across his face, but it didn’t ease my anxiety. I couldn’t stay any longer, so I couldn’t stay.
I left the house, and the silence was loud. I couldn’t shake the thoughts that kept coming to me, and I had several times flashed my mind that I would have to help Al. I finally got home, and in the sound of his footsteps, I almost cried. The thunderous sound of his footsteps could scare anyone. My dad had fallen asleep on the sofa, probably 10-12 years ago, sighing, and I quietly went back to my room.
I lay there, unable to keep my eyes open for long. I soon fell asleep.
The bomb was set.
2543 January 19, 2:34 pm.
Days went by, and Alborn had been taken for several days. I don’t know where he went, but I know he was taken somewhere. Those clothes I saw were familiar, but I couldn’t figure out the first time. I sighed, and I placed my hands on the system in front of me, and it emitted a red-purple glow. I could break the security system, and this place wasn’t too far away. I suspected they’d taken some measures...maybe I shouldn’t. Of course, that was against all the moral code. My fingers moved, and I pulled out several screens; oh my God, I’m a great guy. I was very popular on several websites, and I was called “the ghost.” That was a name that was so attractive. Of course, my name on every website was WR417H, but I think that’s what people came up with.
I moved the security camera to my mobile device, and I looked at each one carefully. Nothing, it was as if they had never been there. That had no meaning, even if there was access from the outside, the camera had strict security. How...? Oh my God, I stood up, ready to get rid of some of the thoughts in my mind. I walked over, put on my shoes, and I took the keycard, “Dad, I’m coming back soon.” A long silence. Whatever, he didn’t respond often, and he probably was busy doing something more important than me.
When I left the apartment, I felt my spine shudder, and the vibration was quick and strange. I ignored that feeling, and I went to Al’s place to investigate, but my legs went to Anton’s little bar. That was a very quiet place, and I needed to talk to someone. Who would be better than the bartender who owed you something?
Anton was always busy, and this place was full of the kind of excitement and new faces I had never seen before. And usually, there was only Anton working, so he must have a lot of pressure. “Hey, barista, give me a coffee.” I lowered my voice deliberately so he would be a little uncomfortable, and he quickly turned his back, taking a deep breath. I laughed a little. “Oh my God, Lilith, don’t do that to me.” He sighed, and he looked very tired. “You look very busy. Do you need help? There seem to be a lot of people here.” I was furious, and I didn’t want to help these drunkards. But I felt bad letting this guy work alone here. “Can I do it? I’ll pay you later.” He looked at me with a puppy’s eyes, and he said something. It was a very high-level strategy...
I changed my uniform and helped myself in the bar for a while. Besides the constant flirting and harassment that I could hear from the bar, it was pretty simple. But to be honest, it didn’t really bother me much. I would talk to Anton after this shift. I still needed to erase Al from my mind, even though I knew I would still investigate where he was.
<<<DOC>>>
When a massive Thraki burned down a small part of a particular forest, a flame shot out of Thassalin's chin and circled in the sky. After a moment, when he slowed down, the strange scream that had been coming from behind stopped. Thassalin forgot that someone was sitting behind him.
"Please, Tenuk, you were once a Thraki!"
"I fly on my own, and I was suddenly dragged away by a huge pink dragon, that's a big difference!"
"No problem, Kayel?"
Kayel is clearly not Nyssi's friend, he looks less black than usual, and his claws are already poking into Thassalin's back, causing the Thraki to bleed, but Thassalin is clearly not bothered.
Although Kayel is not Nyssi's friend, he seems to have a good sense of humor.
"Sorry, but I smell something, I have to deal with it!"
"Are you going to drag us along with you?" Tenuk slides down from Thassalin's back, and says, "We've left Retvik behind!"
"Sure, but I smell something too!" Thassalin suddenly feels funny, but nobody knows what he's thinking. After a while, Thassalin calms down.
"I'm sorry, but I think you're a big, armed friend like me, and riding a small bicycle designed for the TEMHAN kids is really funny! I'd like to have some form of electro-sense, this picture is really classic, but I can't share it!"
Kayel laughs, he can think of what Thassalin is thinking. "Yeah, it's good. But what did you pick up, why are you flying so fast?"
"Sure, but one of them is a big monster!"
"So what?"
"Sure, I have a powerful pistol on my hand, I can fire it whenever I want, I just need to see the target and fire it."
Tenuk hesitates, then retreats a step, leaving himself some room. With a low, slightly painful groan, Tenuk extends his body, his fur turns into scales, and his arm turns into a wing. He quickly becomes a normal, light blue Thraki, but his eyes are still red.
"Get up."
Now the Thraki looks more normal, Tenuk's back is covered in scales, but he still has a pair of spikes on his back, so Kayel can grab him. Tenuk has spent a long time trying to get into the air, but once he's in the air, he can quickly adjust his direction and try to chase after him.
However, Tenuk and Kayel soon realize that they're not alone, a second dark creature comes out from underneath them, and Tenuk manages to avoid a collision.
"I guess this is another scary big monster that Lanex is worried about," Kayel grumps, trying to shoot the second creature, but misses, and quickly reloads.
Tenuk doesn't respond, although another creature is chasing him, he still manages to focus his efforts on Nyssi and Thassalin. Kayel turns his head awkwardly to face the creature, so he can face it. In fact, for Kayel, chasing after the creature is a good thing, because it makes it easier to aim and shoot. Two shots went through the creature's top wings, and it roars in pain and disappears into the trees. Kayel is not sure if it's still following them, but it's certainly not going to keep up.
Nyssi is struggling desperately in front of her, Thassalin is scrambling around, and the flames are destroying this black monster. Although this creature is indeed injured, it looks angry, and doesn't want to retreat, and the fireballs seem to have no effect. However, when Thassalin straightens up, Nyssi can pull out her own reliable shotgun, and it's definitely not designed to deal with this kind of thing. But the canister should at least scare off the black monster.
<<<DOC>>>
No, obviously not, the monster just hissed and tried to fly directly to Thassalin. Fortunately, despite Thassalin's size, he was agile enough to dodge, but Nyssi was unable to grab the smooth scales of Thassalin, and she screamed.
"What do we do about them?" Nyssi shouted.
"Target their heads!"
"It's tough!"
Thassalin hissed, then cirled around, closer to the mountain he calls home. The dark beast followed, and when a burst of fire came from behind, Thassalin was startled, realizing that the monster wasn't alone. When Thassalin slowed his speed, he was even more startled, and he slammed his tail on the beast's side of its head, sending it off course.
The monster roared and hissed, flying up and spitting a cloud of saliva into the air. Suddenly, the scene went dark, as if the monster was sucking in the light of the sky itself, and a perpetual night descended.
Thassalin tried to retreat, but he was hit by a tree line before he could get out of the way, and the monster apparently knew where Thassalin was falling, and it dove straight at him.
"Kayel!" When he slipped out of the clouds and began to spin, Tenuk cried out, trying to find Nyssi and Thassalin in the darkness below. "What do we do now? Kayel...? Kayel, where are you?"
Nyssi got up, she was sure she'd broken a part of herself, but her strange, unusual healing ability was beginning to work. For Thassalin, it was different, and he was a lump, lying on a tree that wasn't collapsing because of his weight. Nyssi used her best effort to get close to Thassalin, but she couldn't see much more than a few meters ahead, and everything was pitch black, and the evil shadows were engulfing it, and something was screaming in the shadows.
A terrible, rod-like tail hit Nyssi's vicinity, and she was knocked over. She noticed that although the tail was moving, it wasn't doing anything for her. Nyssi could hear and see the monster, and the monster roared and patted at itself for the shadows it had created. Something was moving in the darkness, stabbing at the monster, causing it to disorient.
Suddenly, a gun shot echoed in the air, and the monster was quiet, and then it lay there unmoving. The darkness around it began to fade, revealing what was there. Standing on the monster's back was Kayel, holding his rifle, and breathing heavily.
"That's... it was one of the weirdest shadows I've ever jumped in... Thanto kat'olon..." Kayel gasped. His eyes, which had been black for a long time, suddenly began to glow black, and a dark force rushed through him. But as Kayel spoke, his organic coating returned to normal, and his eyes returned to their usual yellow.
After a while, Nyssi figured out what had happened. They all knew Kayel had the power of the evil shadows, and he rarely used it, because most people thought they were evil and very scary. But Nyssi didn't know that Kayel could use dark powers, and Nyssi was hiding well enough to be very surprised.
"Are you okay?" Nyssi asked.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I've killed some stuff, and I'll be all right soon." Kayel checked his workmanship, Tenuk was landing beside him, and then he returned to his normal Spast form.
The monster was now unmoving, and they could see what it was. Its skin was black and sticky, but the slime was still firmly attached to the monster. It had four wings and four legs, all covered in long claws, two straight horns sticking out of its skull.
Just before Tenuk and Kayel asked what they were seeing, something screamed, and then jumped out of the nearby bushes. But there was no one there, when a familiar car hit the monster's side, causing the monster to slide to a stop near Nyssi's feet. Nyssi took no risk, grabbed her rifle, and shot at the monster's head, and it was dead almost immediately.
"Oh my God..." Retvik muttered in his seat, then slowly shut off the engine, awkwardly climbing out of the truck. "I, uh, I didn't mean to do that, you're okay?"
"Basically you've missed all the action." Tenuk nodded. "Where were you?"
"You guys were almost about to throw me behind, I've got to get here... "Retvik sighed. "What are those things?"
<<<DOC>>>
The opening scene
Eirwen begs, "Please! Don't send her away! She's just a child!" The Ice King looks down at his wife on the throne, and beside her is his court advisor. She has a daughter, and he's always frowning at the thought of her.
The girl looks like her mother, with light blue eyes and blue hair, and the Ice King thinks that the daughter makes him weak. After all, he only has a son so far.
"You have only one choice: kill the child or send her to the wild. For your wrong act, this is her punishment, Eirwen." He always does this, spitting out her name, as if it were poison.
The Ice King is not always a kingdom, it is split into two, North and South, North is not a magical kingdom. And South is a kingdom full of magical power. Because of North's greed, the two kingdoms have a conflict, and have begun a never-ending war, until South calls for a ceasefire.
South is desperate, and their royal family will do anything to stop the bloodshed. They offer their only princess, who becomes the queen of North, and they have a son, who will become the future king. Then South and North unite, and establish a kingdom. North accepts, and Eirwen princess is married to Akull prince.
"Please, my king, for the safety of my child, do whatever you want to do to me, put me in prison, exile me, or even kill me." Eirwen begs, holding the child in her arms.
The Ice King looks down at his queen, and his eyes show disgust. Maybe, maybe, he will pity her. That woman who has been with him for 22 years, that person who has always cared about him, the person who has given him a son.
He says, "Well, the child can live in the palace." And the queen sighs. "But" he adds, "You will be executed."
The advisors and Eirwen Queen both show expressions of fear, and she slowly lowers her head on the floor: "Yes, my king." She bows.
The Ice King orders his court advisors to take his daughter to a vacant room in Eirwen's house, and he orders the guards to take Eirwen to the execution chamber, where all the townspeople can see.
When the guards carry her to the scene, the townspeople see their only queen, and the most kind queen, and are angry. Some are crying, some are shouting, and some are trying to attack the guards, and some people want to know why this has happened, but their thoughts are the same.
"Let her go!"
"Why are they doing this to her?"
When Eirwen gets close to the pole, the most terrifying person in the kingdom appears, and he is the Fire Messenger. The former queen is about to be burned, and no one should die in that way. This is the most cruel thing you can do to the Ice King.
Eirwen is tied to a pole, and the king begins to tell her how she betrayed all of them. The Ice King people don't believe, and they never accept what he says. Then, the Fire Messenger ignites the pole, and a drop of tears falls from the former queen's face.
"Live, Kari." Eirwen's reign ends.
The hall is silent
From the farthest room on the South Wing, the cold palace begins, and you can only hear the sound of the pounding. The guards always want to know what's in the room, and they are afraid what's in the room. The guards are gossiping in the hall, thinking that the Ice King's wife, Eirwen, is in that room, waiting to be released.
They are wrong. Ivory is walking south, and the helpers are circling the wall, whispering to each other, and they don't know what's in the room.
And the gossip applies to them, because they are the only ones allowed to enter the room.
"Ivory, are you in there?" Ivory knocks on the door, and whispers to the complex door. It is covered with snow and a crown, symbolizing the royal family.
They want to know if she will really let them in, and the result will not be the same as before. I still have a bruise on my arm from the last time I went there. Ivory laughs a little bit after thinking about it. Kari throws a book on their shoulders, but when she sees who that person is, she immediately apologizes.
A soft knock sounds from inside, as if she's there. After all, there's nowhere to go.
Ivory asks: "Can I go in?" He remembers the time they didn't ask him to go in first.
A sound comes from inside, as if it's saying, "Yes, it's like that." Because of the cold and the sound, Ivory trembles. Ivory hears a sound coming from an empty room, and it's a bit strange for him, even though he's been there for a long time.
Ivory says, "I'm going in." And he slowly opens the door. In the normal way of people, what they see in the room is very unusual, but this is not unexpected. Everywhere is paper, books are scattered all over the place, the tables are broken, and there are many ice sculptures all over the place. There are no windows, and there is no light, and it's even colder than the palace. The room looks like a storm cloud, and everything is blown around.
The girl in the room curls up on the bed, and she is currently wrapped in a quilt, reading a book, and a small lantern illuminates the space.
Ivory asks: "What's that book?" and sits next to her on her bed.
<<<DOC>>>
She flipped to a blank page and wrote the date. She wrote on it: "5/11/648 -12/13/648."
Ivory asked, "Did they want to take you out for Christmas?" Kari nodded: "You think they would take you out for Christmas?"
Kari tapped the lamp twice, and, as Ivory had foreseen, the ice king did not let her go out. She was mute and was the only girl in the house, all boys.
Ivory, too, in his own unique way, when Ivory came out of her closet, the world seemed to change. For them, the work was a punishment for being different, and most of the time they were alone.
They were forced to be the maids of the princess, and they didn't think too much about it, because they had a friend.
"Ivory, your birthday is coming up," she asked. "I remember it was the princess's birthday a few days ago."
Kari nodded. She was a light blue-eyed girl.
"Ivory, do you want to celebrate?" they asked.
No, Kari was very tired. Ivory knew that for her it was a difficult task. That day she was trapped in her room, and her mother was exiled. At the time, Ivory was still a baby, but they all remembered the anger of the maids and the common people. They heard that Eirwen was a good queen, but they also had unexpected predictions of what was to come.
"Ivory, what do you want to do?" they asked.
Kari looked up at them with a look of excitement, and she gave Ivory a piece of paper. But when they looked down to see...
6 inches by 6 inches canvas
White and different shades of blue paint
Six different sizes of brushes
Stand
"Ivory, do you want me to help you get these things?" Ivory asked.
"No, I'm just here to get my art supplies," Kari said.
"Ooh, my dear, you're going to leave so soon?" Aquilo asked. "But I want to see you!"
"I'm not," Ivory said. She found the art supplies on the list and put them in the box they had found. "And I'm not a girl."
But the prince didn't think so. He said vaguely: "Oh my dear, you know this is just a time to grow up. You'll grow up when you get older."
"I'm going to leave," he said.
They felt uncomfortable when he said that. They remembered the bad words they had heard about their gender identity. I really wanted to get away from him.
"I'm going to leave so soon?" Aquilo asked. "But I want to see you!"
"I'm not," Ivory said. He found the art supplies on the list and put them in the box they had found. "And I'm not a girl."
But the prince didn't think so. He said vaguely: "Oh my dear, you know this is just a time to grow up. You'll grow up when you get older."
"I'm going to leave," he said.
They felt uncomfortable when he said that. They remembered the bad words they had heard about their gender identity. I really wanted to get away from him.
"I'm going to leave so soon?" Aquilo asked. "But I want to see you!"
"I'm not," Ivory said.
<<<DOC>>>
Chapter 1
Cohren
Italian time 0430, Cohren hates to wake up so early, mainly because in his unit he is responsible for waking everyone up. He quietly leaves his bed, puts on his combat uniform, a tactical vest, and then carefully packs his belongings from the storage cabinet, and carefully stores them in a small box. He carries his rifle, and puts his helmet on a small hook that is connected to his belt. All the fixed equipment, respirator, goggles, and everything he needs. After checking his ammunition, he quietly leaves the camp, and his boots make a sound as they sink into the dirt and the ice.
He takes out a lighter from his jacket pocket, and from somewhere else a cigarette, lights it, and takes a small breath before opening the door. For the past week, when he was waking up his men and women under command, he had to come up with ideas, and he stopped using the pre-set alarm to wake them up. When the time came, the speaker was only able to give a slight whistling sound, and half the time it was not effective.
"Come up with them," Cohren turns his back and sees Lieutenant Nemic approach.
"Cohren," he answers.
"What do you plan to use?"
Before he can answer, the door is already open. Harris, Craith, and others are all in full gear and quickly get out.
"Craith," he says.
"Cohren," he asks.
"What woke you up?"
"First of all, we don't want to know what idea you had for waking up the whole regiment today. Second, the advance troops, get up early, and then you can choose what food to eat in the morning." One of the men named Ravik answers. "And actually, you know what's worse."
"Craith," Cohren says. "Your point is really good, expert." He puts his hand in and presses the switch, and the alarm in the camp goes off, screaming loudly and screaming, and he hears people shouting and people falling.
"Nemic," he says. "You might think that they have learned to wake up when you wake up."
"Nemic," he says. "My friend from this new training camp knows." Cohren gestures to Harris, Craith, and Ravik. But to put it simply, their captain and sergeant major, who know that they have to wake up earlier than their own unit, know that.
A few seconds later, the other members of the unit all get out. From personal belongings to everything they need, they all have, some of the new recruits seem lost, while others are more agitated.
"Cohren," he says with a happy voice. "Good morning."
A sub of the assault squad asks: "Sir, I have to say frankly, why do you want to wake us up like this?"
"Cohren," he says. "Because the usual alarm is a waste, and because it's dawn and you can't sleep lazily."
"Cohren," he continues. "Make sure you have all your personal belongings." As a captain and lieutenant colonel, his duty is to supervise and assist Lieutenant Colonel Boradin Shaw. "We won't come back, Sergeant and Corporal, I give you and your squad 15 minutes to do a final check and get your ration for the day."
The members of the Exodus unit quickly get dispersed. They belong to the 2nd Assault Brigade of the 2nd Infantry Division of the 2nd Army. Cohort and Dagger were originally two separate units, and they were a ragged unit, mainly because of these reasons, Cohren's feelings about his promotion to captain are complicated.
Cohren and the sergeant major in the first row, Nemic, walk together in front of a number of lighted FOB lights powered by generators. Most are red, to help them hide from the enemy fighter jets. Whether on the ground or in the air, the dawn strikes them with a flurry of attacks.
"Nemic," he says. "You might think that they have learned to wake up when you wake up."
"Nemic," he says. "My friend from this new training camp knows." Cohren gestures to Harris, Craith, and Ravik. But to put it simply, their captain and sergeant major, who know that they have to wake up earlier than their own unit, know that.
Cohren and Nemic look at a group of about eight Kronos main battle tanks and four Stryker armored vehicles as they walk to the pickup point. They are moving around to make sure their war machines are ready to go. Cohren looks around and quickly finds Lieutenant Colonel Boradin Shaw, who is talking to the commander of the armored division. When they get closer, Shaw comes up and walks over, his cold face covered by all his emotions.
"Nemic," he says. "Valturi," he says. "You might think that they have learned to wake up when you wake up."
"Nemic," he says. "My friend from this new training camp knows." Cohren gestures to Harris, Craith, and Ravik. But to put it simply, their captain and sergeant major, who know that they have to wake up earlier than their own unit, know that.
<<<DOC>>>
"Right, sergeant, it's time to get on the road, we've given them time to get their food out of the chaos" 0500, the Exodus unit would be at the pickup point, Shaw would start talking on the box.
"We're going to the I-131, 50 miles from Ianlos. We're going to support the assault on Ianlos and the subsequent assault to clear the chaos. From there, we'll have a foothold and a base of operations" Shaw explains: "Together with your unit, then climb up."
The unit dispersed and joined their squad, and a sergeant had them sit in one of the tank cars. Cohren climbed up the front of one of the tank cars, joining Nemic and Craith and two new recruits. Cohren remembers they had been there a few days ago, but had very little knowledge of them. Sitting by his side, with his legs dangling from one side, he adjusted his backpack and his radio, connecting his headphones and microphone.
When they were settled, Nemic asked: "Hey Cohren, Harris and the snowball?"
"Cohren, did you mean the chicken he stole?" Cohren recalled the morning when he stole him from the farm. "Yes, I'm pretty sure."
Cohren looked at one of the tank cars, and saw Harris and his unit. From the only thing he could see behind his backpack was a small chicken that was moving around, surveying the surroundings.
Cohren replied: "He had the chicken," and when the tank car's turret horn sounded, the commander appeared in the view.
The commander spoke calmly and clearly into his headphones: "All the tank cars have gone." When they began to move forward, a line of tank cars and Stryker engines started roaring. Kronos Cohren, when he brake and move forward, was shaken, and entered formation. When the tank cars crossed the River Puyum, they formed a wedge. Winter storms were blowing, and the ground was freezing, but the dirt remained.
About an hour later, one of the recruits, Cohren remembered his name to be Orson, and he said: "Lieutenant, you've been here since the war started, right?"
"Yes, the Great Firestorm operation" Cohren replied: "We thought it would end in a few weeks, but... we underestimated it."
"Underestimating it is just being lazy," Nemic added. "They have more weapons and manpower than we prepared. They've shot down UFS Revenant in the first two weeks, and they've shot down Erebus last month. Oh my God, we should have seen it on the route we took."
"Alright, I'll stand up for the Union," Orson taunted. "I won't let those terrorists kill me."
Craith said: "You're saying this now, but to me most of you, like you, 18-year-old recruits, would immediately hide behind cover when they hear gunshots."
Cohren smiled and said: "And then we'll know." Orson didn't continue speaking.
"Exodus Lieutenant Colonel, Exodus Lieutenant" Cohrens' radio crackled. "We received a thermal signal 350 yards away, 20 degrees to the right."
Cohren climbed up the front of the tank car, and he pushed up his binoculars. He switched to thermal mode, and he could see a thermal spot in the distance.
Cohren responded with his larynx: "Yes, I saw them."
Another recruit, Natayla asked: "Enemy?"
Cohren: "Not clear." He raised his hand, held up the microphone, and said: "Exodus unit, unless you're shot at, don't take action, let's get them out of the way."
When they got close, the small thermal spot turned into a more distinct shape. When they got close, one of the soldiers ran to find something and grabbed it, and then ran back to the ridge, where he had fallen into a shooting position.
When the orange smoke grenade was fired from the ridge, Shaw called back on the radio: "We've made contact." When the assault troops jumped down from the tank cars and hid behind the tank cars, the smoke grenade was fired from the tank car's side and exploded, destroying the tank car behind the line. Another one hit the side of APS-Cerberus Stryker and exploded. When the explosives exploded, the troops were scrambling to escape and find cover.
The tank car's captain shouted: "Tank 1-2 and 1-3, right 25 degrees, 300 yards, fire." Tank 1-2 and 1-3 fired, their smoke grenades flying towards the ridge and exploding, throwing dirt and rocks into the air.
"Fireman, go to the ridge" Knoxx, who was looking through his binoculars, shouted. The rear door of Cerberus had been opened, and a soldier with a special headset and no hands came out. He called out to two firemen, and they officially became firemen. They ran out, and as they started to move, their thin metal arms and legs moved forward. They were fully armed, but their weapons were on their backs.
Craith asked: "Kill or capture?"
"Looks like capture" Cohren said. Two firemen disappeared into the smoke and the ashes, and he guessed. The calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused calloused
<<<DOC>>>
The depiction of land and water by Vicente Soto became the focus of a new gallery exhibition.
Tierra del Sol is pleased to exhibit Vincent Soto's "Land and Water Memories" in the new gallery in Hollywood. Soto has been an artist in the Art Studio Program since 2012, and this is his first solo exhibition. Soto was born in Madrid in 1962 and grew up in Venezuela, Trinidad and Tobago and Miami; he moved to Southern California with his family at the age of 20.
Soto is very skilled at depicting a wide range of subjects, including landscapes, portraits and still lifes, all in a variety of media, from acrylics and pastels to pencils and watercolors. He draws from family portraits, reference photos and memories, using a colorful composition to express his interests and his proficiency with a variety of media. Soto's tropical landscapes and seas reflect the geographical environment he has experienced, and he uses a rich pattern to incorporate people into his work, creating meaningful connections between culture, memories and the environment. Soto's titles for his works are in Spanish and English, reflecting the joy and complexity of his life in Los Angeles County. "Land and Water Memories" will open on Saturday, January 13, 2022, with an evening show from 6 to 8 p.m. and will continue through Sunday, March 3, 2022.
Tierra del Sol Gallery is located at 7414 S. Monroy Avenue. For more information, visit tierradelsolgallery.org.
<<<DOC>>>
We need to adapt to new needs and transform old environments to solve problems
In terms of jurisdiction, we can look at the example of the雪梨 Centre for Business, which has grown from a pre-settlement landscape to a two-storey city with 150-foot-tall buildings today. At smaller scales, the same thing may happen in the central city of雪梨 near transport hubs. Dense urban areas must evolve into affordable apartments below tree tops and in more cost-effective locations. Of course, new housing must be well-designed, and trees, landscapes and parks must be included with other necessary infrastructure.
Our planning systems also need to be transformed so that suburban council planning people, who seem to be less supportive of change, are not the sole decision-makers for the future of their suburbs. One way to promote this is to create an independent decision-making body that supports high-quality design, as long as it is below tree tops and includes family living, large lanai, public gardens and a friendly exterior. This role can be played by a new South Wales government architect who strictly follows the rules of design.
Over the past decade, our lives have changed with technology; many people work from home, and雪梨 has a remarkable rail and light rail network. The ability to buy online has changed shopping, and friends and family seem to be closer because of smartphones. All of this adaptation across different systems may happen in our built environments through a focus on redeveloping rather than preserving assets.
Chris Strong, who was a South Wales government architect (1995-2005) and the director of the NSW Planning Authority (2005-2009), and the CEO of Urban Taskforce Australia (2011-2019).
<<<DOC>>>
The last push for gender equality
Last year, the World Economic Forum predicted that each country would need five generations to achieve gender equality. The World Bank is now pushing for a faster pace.
The International Monetary Fund has proposed a strategy that aims to significantly advance the rights and economic opportunities of girls and women by 2030. The plan focuses on improving inclusivity and resilience through funding, technological innovation, and changes in public policy and law.
Recent research shows that social norms and thinking can change. For example, the project’s consultation draft states that men and boys can cultivate support and identification for gender equality. “Once we understand how social norms and thinking shape everyday expectations, priorities, and practices, we can accelerate and expand positive gender outcomes.”
Changing ideas is harder to quantify than getting a rural woman to take a bank loan or a girl to go to school. But there is a lot of evidence that women can create miracles. For example, in Iran, women have been the biggest threat to the Islamic government for the past 40 years simply because they refused to comply with a law that forced them to cover their hair. In 130 countries with a minimum number of women in parliament, some countries (such as India) have seen male resistance to voting and political activism decline.
In some rural African communities, civil society organizations are replacing harmful adult rituals with health education. One project helped the Matabela Shaka leaders in the Masie village in Kenya to change their ideas about female circumcision. He told the French World Press that he had “left the ignorance behind” and was going to abandon the practice.
The World Bank has also presented other examples. Between 1970 and 2022, the literacy rate in Bangladesh increased threefold, and women’s participation in the labor force increased by half. Their GDP increased more than twice. This change has created a force. By hiring salaried women as teachers and health workers within their own communities, trust has increased, and “women’s agency and work have been accepted by society.”
The World Bank’s plan will lock in norms and institutions that still need to evolve. Rwanda spent more than 20 years building itself as a model of land reform that improves women’s economic empowerment. Rwanda president Paul Kagame, in 2015, said: “If women are blocked, no one will benefit. We must change our mindset, not just our laws.”
The World Bank hopes to spread this message.
<<<DOC>>>
German farmers and train drivers make German bosses nervous
In many German companies, where employees and owners run the company together, large-scale strikes are not uncommon. The strike wave has been unprecedented in Germany. This country is currently facing two strikes at once: a three-day railway strike by train drivers, who have been blocked by a train brake mechanism, and a three-day strike by angry farmers who have blocked the roads with their machetes. The most tragic of the strikes is that doctors who are already closed down for Christmas to New Year’s are preparing to strike. These Mistgabelmop (grass-chopping mobs, some of whom have called them so) will test the German labor relations in the coming year.
These protests seem to be triggered by the government’s decision to end subsidies for diesel fuel for farmers and to reduce the exemption for car tax on farmers’ vehicles. These measures have pushed farmers to the limit. This strike has also mobilized other angry workers who have been suffering from inflation pressure, economic recession, and government self-imposed austerity. On January 9, German national railway train drivers, both freight and passenger, have struck for work hours and wages.
To ease the tension between farmers and the government, the government agreed to gradually reduce the subsidies for diesel fuel over three years and to keep the exemption for car tax. Farmers have not been impressed by these concessions. On January 4, one of the most radical groups blocked a ferry from the Chancellor Robert Habeck, who had returned from a family vacation. The Institute for German Economics (IW Köln) estimates that if train drivers are not moved by the strikes, Germany will suffer a high cost. If the railway strikes force companies to shut down production, a day could cost a company 100 million euros (1.1 billion US dollars). Germany’s largest automotive, chemical and steel industries rely heavily on rail transport.
The workers’ anger has only grown. Chancellor Habeck warns: “The demands are spreading through revolution’s fantasies.” The far-right Alternative Choice Party is trying to stir up discontent. Another far-right group has penetrated into farmers’ protests in Dessau, Saxony, calling for the “elimination of the red and green lights” (the colors of the Christian Democratic Union, the Liberal Democratic Party and the Green Party, which governs the country).
Thomas Pichler, a researcher at the Institute for German Economics (IW Köln), worries that these strikes will damage Germany’s image in the business environment. Local employers are now worried that they will face a similar German version of the 2018 “yellow vests” protest in France, where yellow-shirted protesters set fire to cars on the Avenue de la Chaîne and police used tear gas to intervene. German police union president Uwe Koppelke warns in a conversation with the German Daily Mirror that farmers may “just be the beginning of a huge protest wave this year.” Germany is the only shrinking economy in 2023, and its business confidence index, which fell as expected in December, has been handled in a particularly bitter way. This year’s development will be even more difficult.
<<<DOC>>>
Brewers are unhappy that wine producers can escape the waste prohibitions
As the EU debates the packaging waste directive, brewers are unhappy that they are unfairly blamed for the failure to meet the recycling and deposit-return targets, because wine producers can escape the targets and deposit-return requirements. But a senior member of the European Wine Industry Association says that brewers "should not interfere with other industries' business."
As lawmakers are entering the final stages of a law to tackle the growing problem of packaging waste across Europe, the European brewers say that it is unfair to exempt wine producers from the deposit-return and recycling targets, but not from the one that applies to all alcohol.
European ministers of the environment agree that the Council of the European Union should negotiate the PPWR law, which will be implemented before the Christmas holiday, so that political dialogue in the European Parliament can proceed smoothly; technical work is already underway.
"Our position is clear," the European brewers' trade association says in a letter to parliamentarians and government representatives (January 10). "If the PPWR targets and requirements apply to beer, then the law should apply to all alcoholic beverages."
On December 18, at the Ministerial summit, the European ministers of the environment and the wine producers are left with the option of either accepting the exemption or giving it up. Belgium, which is currently the European Parliament's interim chair, is on the verge of a government negotiation, so it is theoretically necessary to remain neutral. Belgium hopes to reach an agreement with the European Parliament in early March.
The secretary-general of the European brewers' trade association, Ignacio Sánchez Recarte, does not agree with the brewers' demands. He points out that a market dominated by large multinational breweries cannot be compared to a market where almost all producers are small and domestic.
Sánchez Recarte says that more than 99% of the domestic wine industry is made up of small to medium-sized companies, who question whether the brewers' legal arguments have a solid foundation. He stresses that his association is focused on presenting the industry's "relevant and appropriate" information to policy makers.
"My role is not suitable for assessing whether the beer industry should have any particular goals, because it depends on the characteristics of the industry itself," Sánchez Recarte says. "Brewers should take the same attitude, not to worry about other industries, but to focus on their own responsibilities."
The European brewers share a legal analysis document from last year that argues that wine and beer are competing products, and that "at least some of them are substitutable," and that any rule that favors one side will create an imbalance in the market.
Simon Spillane, the operations manager of the campaign, says that brewers have "long been leading" in the sustainability of packaging, and points out that beer cans will be reused 165 times over a 30-year period before being crushed and recycled. He also says that the recycling systems supported by brewers are already implemented in many countries.
"We therefore advocate a PPWR law with a vision," Spillane says, "but the packaging law must be fair to all alcohol, and each industry must contribute equally to the goals and support of the recycling system."
<<<DOC>>>
The Biden administration is lenient on corporate crime
Tim Whitehouse, a former environmental attorney and current board member of the Environmental Responsibility Public Service Alliance, recently praised the Biden administration's efforts to improve enforcement, but also pointed out that the effort is facing a powerful countercurrent. He noted that "building a good enforcement program requires years of sustained funding and political support." The instability of Congress not only undermines the morale of environmental agency staff, but also negatively impacts long-term strategic thinking.
The environmental agency's problems are quite clear, and also related to the Justice Department; the agency handles environmental crimes through its Environmental Crimes Division (ENRD). Uhlmann, an assistant chief of staff for environmental crimes at the agency, has been the chief of staff for the ENRD since 1990. The agency sends the most serious civil and criminal cases to ENRD, but the division's budget is insufficient, and it often relies on other agencies to choose which cases to pursue. In the 2022 accounting year, the agency sent only 88 cases to the Justice Department, the lowest since 2000, and the number of civil cases that are closed is the lowest in a long time. The Environmental Justice Program notes that even during the Trump administration, the agency completed 94 civil cases on average per year and sent 106 cases to the Justice Department.
The Justice Department's overall approach to corporate crime has been scrutinized by policy advocates. While the Attorney General's Office of Inspector General has praised the agency's efforts to establish a corporate crime database during Merrick Garland's tenure as the Attorney General, the Biden administration's approach to corporate crime is too lenient, allowing companies to delay or avoid prosecution, and encouraging companies to use individual employees as scapegoats to avoid larger-scale prosecutions. Kenneth Polite Jr., the former assistant attorney general for corporate crime at the Justice Department, revised the agency's approach to corporate enforcement to limit the number of prosecutions against companies.
<<<DOC>>>
The government has stopped debating, and the Republican Party is fighting for its own rights.
In the Senate, Republicans who are hawkish on government spending have blocked a series of votes to protest the recent agreement with Democrats on government spending that Mike Johnson had made with high-level Democrats, and they believe the agreement is not aggressive enough to cut spending.
Although this Republican from Louisiana can avoid facing this problem now, on January 19, the nation must face the passing of 12 appropriations bills, and four of them are due on January 22. Johnson has publicly stated that he will not support a "continuing resolution" (CR) that extends the end dates of these four bills to February 2.
However, with only nine days left until the end date, Republican leaders Mitch McConnell have pointed out that the Senate must pass the CR to continue functioning, meaning that the Speaker may soon break his own commitment, mainly to appease the right wing. This move could lead to a fierce ideological war in the very contentious Senate, over the role of Republicans in cutting spending, and could result in the government shutting down, or Johnson losing his Senate seat.
Matt Rosendale, a member of the Radical Right Core Group, points out that "I have clearly stated that continuing resolutions (CR) are not a way to fund government, and that the 1974 law required us to pass 12 appropriations bills," and "we have done this work well, the problem is that leadership is not instructing committees to do the work, so that legislators can vote on the bills."
On December 12, 2023, President Mike Johnson is in Washington, D.C. at the Capitol. Johnson is facing a difficult Republican Congress that cannot reach a consensus on government spending levels.
Rosendale, who is also a member of the Radical Right Core Group, is one of the 71 Republicans who voted against the Budget Responsibility Act on Wednesday. He says that a one-year CR would bring in 1% of the budget, and that this could be the most viable way to keep the government functioning while ending the CR.
But he also points out that the most responsible way to cut the budget is to pass all 12 bills. Because many Republicans do not want to see the government shut down and cut the 1% budget for the military and nonmilitary, the urgency to pass these bills, even if it could put Johnson in a difficult position among the right wing, could still be enough to get a coalition of Republicans and Democrats to extend the end dates of the four appropriations bills, and reach an agreement to fund government.
Massie, who is one of the most vocal Republican budget hawkers, says that he has not participated in the Wednesday protest vote; he says that a one-year CR would bring in 1% of the budget, and that this could be the most viable way to keep the government functioning while ending the CR.
But he also points out that the most responsible way to cut the budget is to pass all 12 bills. Because many Republicans do not want to see the government shut down and cut the 1% budget for the military and nonmilitary, the urgency to pass these bills, even if it could put Johnson in a difficult position among the right wing, could still be enough to get a coalition of Republicans and Democrats to extend the end dates of the four appropriations bills, and reach an agreement to fund government.
<<<DOC>>>
In the key moment of the cryptocurrency market, the regulator approved a new Bitcoin ETF.
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) was forced to approve a stock index fund that directly holds Bitcoin on Wednesday, a move that has long been eagerly awaited by the Bitcoin advocates, but has also been criticized by regulators who are skeptical of the cryptocurrency industry.
The SEC approved 10 ETFs that directly hold Bitcoin, including the large funds of BlackRock and Fidelity, as well as smaller funds.
SEC Chairman Gary Gensler issued a statement in which he said that while we have approved the listing and trading of some Bitcoin ETP stocks today, we have not approved or recognized Bitcoin. "Investors should be cautious about Bitcoin and the various risks associated with Bitcoin derivatives."
Gensler also noted that the approval of the Bitcoin fund did not mean that the SEC would approve other funds or trading products related to digital currency or assets.
The important thing is that the SEC approved a single non-SEC commodity -- Bitcoin -- ETP. This is not to say that the SEC has any intention of approving the listing and trading of securities for the crypto asset. This approval does not mean that the SEC has any view of the status of other crypto assets under the Federal Securities Act, or of the current state of the markets in which certain crypto asset participants are engaged.
The SEC has long rejected applications for similar funds. But last year, the U.S. Court of Appeals in the District of Columbia ruled against the SEC's rejection of Grayscale' application to convert a derivative fund into a direct Bitcoin holding fund, stating that the SEC's position was "
Gensler explained that, based on these circumstances and the conditions discussed in the approval order, I believe that the most viable future option is to approve the listing and trading of these Bitcoin ETP stocks.
This highly anticipated approval is seen as a turning point for digital currency, with proponents arguing that it will expand the channels for investing in Bitcoin and encourage more people to accept that the crypto asset is a legitimate financial asset. In the last few months, Bitcoin prices have risen sharply from $25,000 in September to over $45,000, partly because many Bitcoin investors believe that the ETF will create more demand for the asset.
On Wednesday evening, commentators criticized the SEC.
The co-founder and CEO and executive chairman of Better Markets, Dennis M. Kelleher, said that the approval was "a historic mistake, not only would it be a victim of the crypto currency hoarders of millions of investors and retirees, but it could also destabilize the financial markets."
Kelleher said that the massive arrests, criminal convictions, bankruptcy, lawsuits, scandals, massive losses, and the loss of millions of investors and customers had led to the collapse and disintegration of the notorious and unregulated crypto currency industry, and that no one had anticipated that the SEC would step in to save it.
The SEC approved the listing and trading of these Bitcoin ETP stocks, but the approval was not recognized as a recognition of the SEC's approval of the listing and trading of securities for the crypto asset.
<<<DOC>>>
The number of complaints about the use of Russian in Ukraine increased by 30 percent -- RT Russia and the former Soviet Union.
The authorities are trying to get people to report it in order to make the country "Russianize."
Last year, the authorities received 30 percent more complaints about the use of Russian in Ukraine. The city of Kyiv is actively encouraging people to report such cases, claiming that it is done to "protect" the country from the influence of Russia.
According to the Office of the National Language Protection Committee, there are 3,692 cases of language law violations in 2023. Kyiv, Kharkiv and Odessa are still among the cities with the highest number of complaints. "Strict control of the rights of citizens to use their own language in public life is the top priority for social leaders this year," says the National Language Monitoror Taras Kremen.
Kremen confirmed that a bus driver in Kyiv, who provides services to customers in Russian, was fined 89 US dollars (3,400 rubles) for violating the law. The monitor reminds the public of the "detailed norms for taking action when the right to use the state language is infringed" and urges the public to report such incidents on the monitor's website as soon as possible.
In 2019, Ukraine adopted a law that stipulates that all areas of public life, including government, health care, science, education and media, must use Ukrainian. Violation of the law will result in fines. Since the conflict with Russia began in 2022, Ukraine has launched a full-on move to de-Russianize. The parliamentarians say that they must do this in order to counter the influence of Russia. Local authorities have completely banned Russian-language art, performances, books, films, songs and teaching of Russian in schools and universities, and have encouraged students to speak Ukrainian in class breaks.
In August, a teenage singer was detained for a short time after performing a Soviet-era song by Viktor Zuyev on the streets of Lviv. She was ordered to record a video to apologize. Several teachers who teach Russian to students have been fired, which has also caused strong public outrage.
The Ukrainian National Security and Defense Committee secretary Aleksey Danilov previously pointed out that "Russian must disappear from the Ukrainian territory," "because it is an element of the enemy propaganda and will distort the minds of the people."
Moscow believes that these laws infringe on the rights of Russian speakers, who make up half of the population. Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zharkova said last February that the "anti-language campaign" in Kyiv has become "more and more insulting." A study conducted by the International Institute of Social Sciences in September last year showed that 45 percent of respondents considered language discrimination to be the most common type of prejudice in Ukraine.
<<<DOC>>>
Don’t let the SNP turn the NHS crisis into “normal” – Scottish people say
The latest NHS data shows more bad news, and we should be angry.
According to one expert at the Royal College of Emergency Medicine, the waiting time in emergency departments at the hospitals is 83 hours; four out of four patients wait more than four hours; 30 ambulances are lined up outside the hospitals, unable to assist other emergency calls; and staff are “weeping at work” and “almost broken down” due to poor nursing standards.
If anyone dared to say that the NHS in Scotland is not in crisis, or that these are just common winter problems, we should be angry. The danger lies in the fact that politicians like the disgraced Health Secretary Michael Harris, who we can now claim to be accepting, can successfully convince us that, despite the tragedy, these ministers are powerless, and this is what is normal.
The SNP’s NHS revival and action plans have failed, and people have called for Harris to step down, but Harris says, “Winter pressure is rising. It’s not a Scottish problem.” This time, instead of blaming the parliament, he says, “the parliament is just as bad,” and this makes sense in the context of waiting hours for a large number of people in pain and anxiety.
He admits that the old problem of delayed discharge is a “main cause,” and that patients can be discharged, but cannot be discharged because they cannot receive the necessary social care, but he says he is “putting in place a programme” to address the problem. Because the problem has been around for so long, few people can expect to find a solution from the SNP.
Indeed, the latest data from the Scottish public health service shows that this is actually getting worse: 1,910 people were delayed for discharge in November, compared to 1,730 in April. This is also why ambulances are unable to get patients to the hospital quickly, and why the wardrooms are packed to the rafters, with emergency departments full of doctors.
With regard to the situation at the hospitals, the SNP’s revival and action plans are just empty talk, and dangerous empty talk. We cannot be fooled by incompetent politicians into thinking that they are our accomplices in the extinction of the UK’s important national health service.
<<<DOC>>>
The recycling company has opened a new factory in the Camborne area in the cycle economy era.
This move has also helped to transform the old Gartshore Works factory site.
The Scottish recycling company, which has processed over a million tonnes of construction waste, has opened a second factory after investing millions of pounds in funding.
The Brewster Brothers' washing plant has transformed the excavation and gravel they process from construction waste into high-value aggregates for reuse, and over the past six years, the company's site in the Lotho area of Perthshire has prevented nearly 13.5 million tonnes of construction, demolition and excavation waste from being buried, and generated over a million tonnes of recycled aggregates sold to the industry.
In the over 60 million pounds of investment that the company has made to rebuild the old Gartshore Works factory site near Camborne, the company has opened a second recycling site in the area, which will serve construction sites, housing and public works developments in the west of central Scotland. The site, near Lethington, has 39 employees and will continue to provide sustainable waste management services and recycled aggregates to businesses in Edinburgh, Fife and Lotho.
Scott Brewster, the company's director, who was with his father Alex to set up the company in 2017, says: "It's becoming increasingly clear that the Scottish construction industry is seeing a need to reduce the use of natural resources and carbon emissions while increasing the use of recycling and secondary materials. Over the past six years, the volume of construction, demolition and excavation waste recycled has been dramatically increasing, and we are seeing a further expansion of the sector.
The Scottish government has a long-term vision for the transition to a circular economy, and the levy on new recycled aggregates that the government is planning to introduce will help to reduce the use of primary products.
During the refurbishment of the old Gartshore Works factory site, the company has hired new employees funded by the Scottish Enterprise Commission's Green Jobs Fund. The company will also recycle coal mine waste from the site, and the area will be transformed into a community park.
<<<DOC>>>
Politicians misunderstand the limits of rent control
Politicians are always tempted to intervene when they see a situation that they think they can influence, and of course, if there is a simple solution to the problem, then people who understand the problem better will implement it.
So, we launched the 2022 Scottish Living Costs Bill (Renter Protection) almost 18 months ago to try to limit rent control in a limited time frame to alleviate the pressure on the crisis. We have found from the latest Scottish government statistics that, in the past year, the average rent for all types of property has increased, with the lowest increase being 11.7% for a one-bedroom apartment and the highest increase being 14.3% for a two-bedroom apartment. Since the Living Costs Bill was passed in October 2022, rents for all types of property (from one to four-bedroom apartments to single apartments) have increased by two or more, exceeding the 12-year average annual increase in rents.
The housing industry has been warned about this possibility, but has not been given much attention, because it is not believed that market forces are responsible for the price hikes. If this industry had been more closely studied, negotiated and discussed, and a plan to understand the supply and demand had been formulated, this situation could have been avoided.
The Living Costs Bill was passed on March 31, 2024, and a new consultation document has been issued to extend the control over rent increases to the next year, with the levy to be collected in the following year. This consultation is now complete, and proposes to set rents at the lowest of the following three factors: market rents, the new rents proposed by landlords, and the new gradually declining system based on comparing the rents with market rents.
If we do not listen to the experts, tenants in Scotland could face even more worrying rent increases. This gradually declining proposal would set rent increases between 6% and the highest 15%. The irony is that the highest percentage will be higher than the annual price increase in the past 18 months. But more importantly, the monitoring and implementation of this proposal is difficult, overly complex, and extremely expensive. We already have a system of primary housing arbitration to regulate whether rent increases are fair. So this seems to just add more layers of bureaucracy, which is not beneficial to landlords or tenants.
Unfortunately, this consultation document seems to further attempt to control this industry. A simpler solution would be to return the market to normal, rather than imposing external controls on rent levels; this would bring rents below the increase in the past 18 months. To maintain stable rent prices, the government must encourage private rental industries (PRIs) to invest and grow, while providing subsidies to social housing to promote growth. The more investment PRIs make, the more stability the housing market will create. At the same time, as the quantity of PRIs and social housing increases, rents will gradually stabilize, because demand will match supply and reach equilibrium. Only by adopting these measures can we begin to respond to the housing crisis. Other methods will not work.
<<<DOC>>>
Greggs plans to expand its large stores to make more dough, but will keep prices the same
The company, which is listed on the FTSE 250 index and is known for its sausages and beef pastry, plans to expand its distribution network but will not raise prices.
Greggs says that they are not going to raise prices in the coming year, and that they are working to open 160 more stores, because their goal is to have stores outside the city center.
CEO Roy Cuthill said that she was not planning to raise prices for customers "at the moment," because they wanted to have a more stable price base for the year, but she added that "there will still be a long time to come before inflation is cooling down," and that the group will start lowering prices when that happens, because retailers, including Greggs, are facing wage increases as a result of rising living wages in the country.
Greggs also revealed that it will be opening another 160 stores in the coming year, and is excited by its strong performance at the end of 2023, when the group opened 220 new stores, of which 33 were closed and 42 were relocated, resulting in a net base of 145 new stores, and a total of 2,473 stores.
The company plans to open another 140 stores in 2024, with a net base between 140 and 160, because they want to make it easier for customers to get to their stores. The company will continue to look for opportunities to expand its stores in retail areas, tourist destinations, along the roads and in industrial parks, and Cuthill said, "As long as there is any place that we cannot easily get to Greggs, we want to try to take it."
They also plan to continue to offer targeted evening hours, currently offering 1,200 stores with extended hours. In a transaction update, the company reported that its own-managed stores saw a 9.4% increase in comparable sales for the fourth quarter, compared to a 14.2% growth rate for the first three months, although Greggs said that price hikes were not the main reason for the increase. The company's year-over-year comparable growth was 13.7%, with total sales growing by a fifth, to 1.8 billion pounds.
The company also said that they are finding a strong demand for vegan options, so they are bringing vegan beef pastry back, and also a Christmas series, including holiday treats, chocolate orange muffins, and Christmas baguettes.
Hargreaves Lansdown analyst Matt Brizman said that Greggs "could be seen as having made a real progress in 2023," because of the extended hours, more delivery options, increased supply capacity, and the launch of "new combinations of delicious pastries." He added that holiday treats and chocolate orange muffins are welcoming the holiday season, but that the downturn in the market may indicate that sales growth for the year is slowing down, and that the fourth quarter is the lowest for the year. Most of the reason for this is that Greggs is able to limit price hikes when inflation cools down.
<<<DOC>>>
The law that could overturn the wrongful conviction could have unexpected consequences - a review of the 'Gaelic People' newspaper
Those who claim to be able to overturn the verdict of a judge are already above the law
The 'Gaelic People' newspaper and other sources have long pointed out that the Horizon scandal was one of the most serious cases of judicial injustice in the history of the country, with hundreds of post office clerks being wrongly convicted, losing their homes, marriages, reputations and being treated as criminals by those who knew them best.
Although the root cause of the problem was a computer system failure at Horizon, Prime Minister Kevin Hollingrey, who yesterday told the House of Commons that the evidence showed that the post office was both negligent and corrupt, he was saddened to hear that only 95 of the 900 people convicted were acquitted. Now, the UK and Wales are about to pass new legislation to clear the blame of the victims of the scandal, and the UK PM will be working with the Scottish government on similar steps.
The TV show 'Baz's Father and the Post Office' by ITV shows that elections can be anything but that. After years of inaction, politicians suddenly want to do something. But the method of Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is flawed.
First, a general law that could overturn the verdict of hundreds of people could inadvertently include those who were actually guilty, but the pressure to make sure that innocent people are not guilty could be a price to pay. Second, more serious. In the midst of populists testing the limits of political power, overturning the verdict of a court could set a dangerous precedent.
The concept of separation of powers (executive, legislative and judicial) is an important safeguard against tyranny. Those who claim to be able to overturn the verdict of a judge are already above the law. Voters must be clear that this is not an exception, but a rule.
<<<DOC>>>
Please restore oversight of the state's prisons, because it's in the interest of human life.
The Washington prison system is facing a critical crisis, and as the chair of our legislative working group, we are responsible for researching the state's prison system and offering suggestions for change to help make prisons safer, and this crisis is one of the things we're facing that we can't avoid. Although we come from different backgrounds, including prison management, civil rights advocacy, and people who have experienced incarceration, we all agree that Washington's prisons need an independent oversight body.
Over 130,000 people have been incarcerated in the state prison system in 2022, but the information about them is surprisingly scarce. The state has not established a statewide office that oversees prisons and reports data to the public. Only a portion of the information is about deaths that occur during incarceration.
Our findings demonstrate that immediate action is required. Even if we take into account the state's population growth, the prison mortality rate in Washington between 2000 and 2019 has increased by nearly three times, a 16-fold increase compared to the national average. Washington has now surpassed other states in the nation's prison mortality rate, and this situation cannot continue.
To reverse the trend of prison mortality and solve many of the other problems facing our prisons, we may need some difficult policy decisions. But, to achieve a safer and more humane prison system, an independent oversight body of prisons is critical. Proven, an independent oversight system can increase transparency and accountability in Washington and the nation. According to our statistics, at least 25 states have oversight offices for prisons, and their prison mortality rates are all lower than Washington's.
In contrast, Washington recently established or expanded oversight bodies for state prisons, police, schools, and other entities. For an institution that oversees millions of people's health and safety, prisons are a clear exception.
An independent prison oversight office can monitor prison conditions, meet with staff and inmates, report on firsthand accounts, express concerns even before injuries occur, and collect and report data to help administrators, policymakers, and the public understand our prison system and advocate for data-driven solutions to prison mortality and other issues.
Oversight is not only good for inmates. Our working group determined that an independent oversight body can work in tandem with a burdensome prison system to provide the assistance and advice that are needed, including sound policies that improve staff safety and reduce recidivism.
The state's prison oversight body was briefly established in 1981-87, and the Department of Justice even promoted this as a model for the nation's system. Sadly, despite opposition from prison administrators and civil society organizations, the legislature removed the prison oversight body.
In the long run, the benefits of lack of transparency are undermined by an independent oversight body, and we call on the legislature to make the working group's recommendations into law, which would restore oversight of city, county, and regional prisons. This is in the interest of human life.
Haley O'Connell has been actively campaigning for the end of incarceration, and is the director of Beyond These Walls, a community organization.
Ison Franklin, Jr. is an employed lawyer for Disability Rights Washington, providing legal representation for incarcerated persons with disabilities.
<<<DOC>>>
How to know if you’re on a Boeing 737 MAX
For most passengers, the type of aircraft is not a deciding factor when booking a flight. But after a body part fell off the fuselage on a Boeing 737 MAX 9 on January 6, the majority of Boeing 737 MAX 9 jets were banned from operating in the United States, so some potential passengers may want to know what type of aircraft they’re on and which types are safest. The first question is easy to answer, but the second is a bit more complicated.
The type of aircraft is usually noted in the booking information for a flight. On Google flights, this information is included in the flight details, and is usually listed on each airline’s booking page. If the type of aircraft is not clearly marked on a Google flight or booking page, websites like Expert Flyer and Seat Guru will provide a summary of the flight information, including the seat map and the type of aircraft.
Determining which type of aircraft is safest is a bit more complicated. The National Transportation Safety Board maintains a comprehensive database of accidents and incidents. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) also provides a preliminary list of accidents and incidents in the last 10 days, including the manufacturer of the aircraft, on its “Airplane Safety Information Analysis and Sharing” page.
Another useful FAA link is a “Global Statistics of Commercial Jet Accidents 1959 to 2022” which breaks down accidents by aircraft type, and assesses the safety of aircraft types. According to a report released in September 2023, the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350 are the aircraft types with the lowest number of aircraft destroyed (in the case of a total destruction of the aircraft, beyond the repair range) in the report. Other aircraft types that have never experienced a total destruction include the Airbus A380. But these aircraft types have a total number of takeoffs of less than 1 million in the report period.
The report also includes a comparison of the number of aircraft destroyed per million takeoffs, which helps to explain why some aircraft types are more common or have a longer history. The Airbus A310, introduced in 1983, has the highest number of aircraft destroyed per million takeoffs (2.53 per million takeoffs). The Airbus 320 series (including the A321 and A319neo) has the lowest number of aircraft destroyed (0.11 per million takeoffs). The Boeing 737 MAX series was introduced in 2017 and has a number of 1.48 per million takeoffs.
It’s important to remember that even though these statistics are calculated per million takeoffs, some aircraft types in the report (such as the Boeing 727 introduced in 1964) have been in service for many decades, so there is a longer history of accidents to compare them to.
The media representative of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, Perry Cooper, in an email message, says that the causes of accidents are very complex, ranging from equipment failures to human error. Although it’s easy to determine the type of aircraft you’re on, it’s much more complicated to determine the safety of the aircraft based on this information.
Although it’s possible to compare aircraft types based on the data available, the FAA does not recommend trying to compare airline records. According to a report cited by the agency, “There is no evidence in current accident data to support an airline ranking based on safety records.
Airline safety records can often be significantly different at any given time point, but the FAA says that most of these differences are due to “the rarity and severity of accidents” and that these differences between airlines will level out over time. The FAA declined to comment.
<<<DOC>>>
Betta Edudu as the scapegoat for a corrupt government
In the recent events that have involved Betta Edudu, as Minister of Human Development and Poverty Reduction and Minister of Poverty Reduction, as she has been called to resign from her position after being accused of misappropriating the 5.85 billion Naira Fund, after a piece of paper that she claims was issued by the Federal Treasury Accounting Officer, AG Orewato Madya, instructing the Federal Treasury Accounting Officer to transfer 5.85 billion Naira from the National Social Investment Office account to a private account, has generated a lot of public outcry.
According to the letter dated December 20, 2023, Edudu instructed the Federal Treasury Accounting Officer to transfer funds from the National Social Investment Office account to a private account of a private accountant, Brijit Oonyelu, who is in the name of the Federal Government’s Poverty Intervention Program, which is under Edudu’s department.
In a media aide, Rashed Zubaier, who represents Edudu, claims that this is a legal framework for citizen service in Nigeria, but it is noteworthy that this request violates several Nigerian laws on 2009 Finance Regulations, which clearly prohibit government business embezzlement and other forms of corruption. Furthermore, the 2009 Finance Regulations, Chapter 7, Section 713, clearly states that “no personal funds shall be paid to any government bank account, and no public funds shall be paid to any private account.” It further stipulates that “any official who pays public funds to a private account is deemed to have the intent of embezzlement.”
In an interview with Investment Africa, an anonymous senior legal officer from a major bank commented that “this involves multiple issues. First, the minister is a new minister and she was the first minister before her, who was Shadia Umara Farouk, who was involved in what appears to be illegal activities. This may reflect the way in which they operate in this department. But it is also a violation of public procurement rules that public funds are being paid to private accounts.” He added that unless she can provide a valid reason for this, this act is not necessarily embezzlement, but it is still wrong and lacks certainty.
In a tweet, a political and digital communications expert, Aken Akenwiler, expressed his opinion that the minister did not use a private account.
A lawyer, Iyabo Awokeya, a political analyst and development and management consultant, expressed sympathy for the minister who was dismissed, and she believes that the minister may have committed a harmless mistake because she was eager to get things done.
Based on these experts’ points, it can be inferred that there is a difference in views on financial and legal matters between the federal government and other semi-state-owned enterprises. This situation has only grown worse after the release of this letter, making Betta Edudu the scapegoat for a corrupt government.