The Human Race is not going to stop for a second, and people will grow again in difficult times, adapting. Cities continue to prosper, and science and technology keep on improving. The discovery of the Inuit has made humanity go from where it was to where it could be, but we still have so much to learn. This new knowledge can only be appreciated by God's intervention. Our existence will shine like a star above the clouds. Everyone at Carthage knows about the Inuit, and they feel very excited about this mineral. There are no side effects or negative consequences when you mine the Inuit. No worries, actually.
January 14, 2543, 10:26 p.m.
Clic. Again, the same story, the world dying day. I'm just too distracted, my father cuts the channel all the time. He looks sad as he shows me, and I know that there's a deep sadness coming up inside of me. When the story comes out, I always get a bad feeling, but watching it makes me think of so many memories -- some good ones, some not so good ones -- that I can't help but spill over. I cry, and slowly stand up, trying to regain my composure. My father remains sad, and even though I would normally try to soothe him and make him happy, today I'm too tired.
I walked slowly down the dark street, and I found myself near the door. "Hey," I said, louder than usual. "We're coming out." He didn't answer. I knew he'd probably be okay because he always heard my voice. I walked out of the house and closed the door slowly. It shut completely, and then I gasped for air. I had forgotten about it, but I put my hand on the cold metal scanner that locked the door. This apartment has been equipped with cutting-edge technology. No, most buildings have amazing scientific technology, and people used different technologies long ago.
It was a rainy night, and I took a walk after a long one. Being an outsider, being spared from mutation, was a privilege given to those who escaped or were lucky enough to survive. The city lights of thousands of years old shining stars were beautiful. Far away, the sky was silent. Parrotica was nice, but more like a cage. The apartment and single-family homes were filled with people living in buildings that were packed with people, and thanks to the Inuit, most of them were hundreds of stories tall. This mineral, which meets all the requirements of science and architecture, was a great thing to expand our life base. People don't really know about this mineral. Because it's heavily regulated.
I threw off the rumination and headed to my favorite cafe. Most people avoid it. They call the area a drug-free zone, or a virus-infected zone, because rumors spread about finding these people. I never cared about this. I've been incredibly lucky, and the owner is a nice guy. Will anyone offer me free coffee in return for talking until late at night?
When I entered, the smell of hot coffee flooded into my lungs, and the big bell sounded to clear my mind. Of course, the owner Antin was right there, but the shop was empty except for a few guests in the back. After a long walk, my legs were tired, so I sat on the counter, taking a breath. Fortunately, Antin came with his usual glasses. "Hi, Rylis," he called out, and his shrill voice echoed through my brain's fractal structure. "Well, maybe," he replied casually, and immediately I felt exhausted.
To heal my exhaustion, I drank several cups of coffee before I left. "After hearing that eyewitness report, the economy isn't doing well yet..." I asked Antin, keeping my voice low so I wouldn't scare the customers in his store. Antin wiped the glass with a cloth and nodded. Strictly speaking, this is a bar, but he hasn't ever come here to drink alcohol. A little whispering sound could be heard behind him, but most of what he and I talked about tonight was short. He waved goodbye, and I left the shop. I was a bit better than yesterday.
Walking down the dark streets at night is not the best option, but it was better than sitting in that miserable apartment. I often heard the sex sounds of neighbors better than the music I was listening to. I sighed, and I turned my gaze back to the sidewalk. Let's go to Al's hardware store. It's a place to relax and find interesting places to look. Just as soon as I heard the footsteps behind me, I regretted it. Maybe it was a mistake, but if I don't want to get robbed or stolen, nobody will bother us. It's a famous place for gang activity...
What's wrong with us? We have half of human strength left, and we can't even stop hurting each other. I rushed forward, speeding up. Al's hardware store is nearby, so I'll be safe. I stood in front of the bright sign that read "Albon Hardware Store" and looked back. I saw that he wasn't following anymore. Slowly, I went back to the store. It's kind of like a hideaway, and Albon accepts people who mutated into Parrotica. When I opened the door, the light went out, and strangely, I couldn't see Albon. No one had escaped. Nothing happened. Something was weird in the room.
<<<DOC>>>
I slipped down the back of the shop, and I could hear voices from behind the metal bars. They were just two or three times pulled out of the bar, but it was safe to go inside the ventilation shafts. As I went in, I heard strange conversations between men in strange clothes. I noticed that there was an al with chains around him. I thought he would be caught one day.
Al was a nice guy, but this situation seemed unbearable. You don't have to poke someone's head into their chest. Especially when you're dealing with all the power and trouble in the city. But still, I couldn't let my feelings go. Quietly, I sobbed as I slowly removed the bars from the bottom of the room. "Hey, Al." I called softly, but no response. I raised my voice slightly. "Riliss? What are you doing here?" He didn't respond, so I raised my voice again. "Lilith! What are you doing here? You gotta get out of here, or else I'll catch you!"
I knew what was going on. I was about to remove the chain from Al's arm, but the voice came closer, and the sound grew louder. "Get out of here now! Go back through the ventilation shafts. Don't come back. If we see each other again, it won't be here." The fear in his face made me feel even more anxious. I listened to Al's advice. I had no time for long. I quickly left the ventilation shafts. I felt a little bit sorry for losing such a valuable friend. Maybe they will take Al away to another city. My mind was full of many things, mostly anger and sadness. I had looked at the surrounding cities, and the infected capital, Alktraz. Alktraz was named after prison, which I found fitting. Not to mention that the mutated virus had completely severed its connection to the rest of the land where it originated, but it was... tragic.
The journey home was quiet, but my mind was buzzing with thoughts that kept coming up and not letting go. I was haunted by regret that I hadn't helped them. When I finally got home, I walked under the thundering noise of lightning, which sometimes scared people. My father was already asleep on the sofa. Probably something like a movie re-release, maybe ten or twenty years ago. I sobbed quietly and returned to my own room. I lay on the bed, unable to open my eyes for very long. Soon, I fell asleep.
Explosion
January 19th, 2043, 2:34 pm
When I woke up, I realized how much time had passed since Albon had been taken away. I had no idea where he'd gone, but I was sure he had been taken somewhere. It seemed like he wore the same clothes, but I soon figured it out. I took a deep breath, and placed my hand over the system in front of me. There was red and purple light leaking from it. I wonder if I can hack the security. This place is far away, and I don't think they've done anything yet. Maybe I should stop. Of course, I ignored every moral code, and without knowing, my fingers moved, and multiple screens appeared. Still, I'm really amazing. I have several websites that are getting quite popular, and I was called Wraith (dead) by some friends. A very memorable name. Every site has WR417H written on it, but I want people to think it's a name that people have come up with.
I transferred the video feed from the surveillance camera to my mobile phone, and I watched each frame carefully. Nothing was visible. It seems like they weren't there. I don't know why. Even though I can access remotely, the cameras have strict security measures. How did they do that? Oh, well, I'm done. I stood up straight, trying to push off some thoughts from my head. I put on my shoes and started walking with my keys. "Dad, I'm coming right back." No answer. Well, okay, Dad doesn't always reply, and probably he's busy with something important.
After leaving the apartment, I felt a little bit of a jolt. Something wrong. I dismissed the feeling, and decided to go to Al's shop to check it out. I was excited because it seemed like a relatively comfortable place, but I needed to talk to someone. Could I find anyone who might be better suited than the bartender I used to work with?
Unlike usual, Al's shop was empty. It was bustling with new faces and activity. Since I never saw anyone before, I must be stressed. "Hey, boss, have a good time," I said in a low voice, pretending to be a little nervous. I turned around quickly, and he smiled pleasantly as he breathed heavily. "Hey, Lilith, stop talking to me..." He said gently, but clearly tired. "It looks like you're busy. Do you need help?" I shouted loudly. I wanted to avoid drinking too much, but I hated being alone with this guy. "Can I help you?" he asked, looking at me with puppy-dog eyes. High-level tactics...
As I changed into my tight uniform, I helped a few customers pass by. It was pretty easy work. Except for the constant verbal harassment and rudeness from the customers. And honestly, I wasn't bothered. Once the shift ended, I would talk to Al. I really had to forget about him, but I wouldn't be able to look into his shop later on anyway. But still...
<<<DOC>>>
The flames from Tassalin's jaw blew out, and the massive slach released fire in the corner of the forest. Then Tassalin spun around in the air, watching for a while. To his surprise, when he slowed down, the strange squealing voice stopped coming from behind him. Tassalin forgot that he had been carrying people on his back.
"Hey, Tenuk, you've probably turned into one of those slachs before!"
"I'm sure it's not like I'd be pulled by a giant pink dragon right off the ground!"
"Not so bad, Kaiel?"
Kaiel clearly didn't agree with Naisi. His body was no more black than usual, and the claws were biting deep into Tassalin's back, but Tassalin seemed to have no idea. Still, Tassalin knew he had frightened his new friend, so he found an open clearing and landed.
"Oh, sorry, but it smells. I just need to get this over with!"
"And do we need to drag ourselves along?" He snapped back, and Tenuk slid down Tassalin's back with his tail. "And then I left the retribec without a trace! You know what, I abandoned my life as a big, strong, fighting guy! How did he get here?"
"He could have done it..." Naisi muttered. "Retribec is nasty, but he's not stupid."
"Well, yeah, but does Retribec drive a car?"
Naisi blinked, turning away from Tenuk. "Sure, I can do it."
"You ever see Retribec driving a car? You don't have a truck like you have me, or you've ever seen a little cute car like Kaiel has. It's because you keep sending us to work. That guy only has a bike."
Suddenly, a loud laugh erupted between them, and they lost their conversation. Tassalin laughed at something he couldn't quite make out, but no one knew what he was laughing at. Tassalin took a moment to calm himself down.
"Oh, sorry, but I imagine your heavy-duty friends' old buddies riding tiny bikes for Temsan's kids. That's awesome! If I had telepathic abilities, I would love to hear about it. But I can't tell you yet, anyway."
Kaiel chuckled as he imagined what Tassalin thought. "No, that's fine. By the way, what kind of smell did it have? Why did you fly so fast?"
Tassalin jumped up and down, disappearing for a moment, and came back to face Naisi with a corpse lying in front of him. This was a very rare golden and white dragon-like creature called Oroslack. But he had no head. "Another one died. There's a sound. It smells bloody. It attracts guardians and hunters. Like Eshin wants. The creature, these guys, are close."
Suddenly, a huge slach locked onto them. Naisi and Kaiel also looked into the cracks in the clearing and became immobile. A large, black thing stared at them, and made a sharp noise. Whatever it was, its huge double wings spread wide, and Tassalin's eyes widened as he sprinted past them. He didn't care that there were three smaller creatures between him and Kaiel and Tenuk who needed to pass through. Kaiel and Tenuk managed to dodge, but Naisi was dragged forward and thrown toward Tassalin.
In response, Tassalin grabbed Naisi, threw her with a long, powerful tail, and flew into the air. A black, double-winged creature followed quickly.
Kaiel flapped his tongue and picked up his rifle, opened his pouch, and put a bandage inside. He quickly placed the bandage on his chest so he could pick it up easily. Soon, Naisi, the slach, and the monster disappeared.
"Tenuk, will you turn into something that flies?" Kaiel asked.
"Why chase?"
"Yes, that's normal."
"But... one of them was a big monster!"
"That's why? My high-performance rifle can shoot even if I can barely see you. I can shoot if I can see you."
Tenuk hesitated, but lowered himself behind him. As he lowered himself, he emitted a low, painful groan, and his body stretched out, his fur scales becoming scales, and both arms became wings. Tenuk immediately transformed into a bright blue slach, but his eyes remained red.
"Get on!"
The more normal-looking Tenuk's body was covered in board-like scales running all across his back, and two protrusions that Kaiel could grip easily. Tenuk took some time to land, but once he got airborne, he immediately set course and started chasing.
But Tenuk and Kaiel soon realized that there was something else going on besides themselves. Another black creature burst out from under them, and Tenuk barely avoided a collision.
"What's that, another big scary monster you worried about with Lanesks?" Kaiel frowned, trying to shoot the second beast, but failed, and quickly refilled his gun.
Tenuk answered nothing. Despite being chased after Naisi and Tassalin, he kept flying to pursue them. In order to confront the monster, Kaiel had to change direction awkwardly. For Kaiel, it was desirable that the monster should follow him, so he could aim better. Two shots fired through the top of his wings, the monster gave a sickening growl and vanished beneath the trees. Kaiel wasn't sure if the monster was still following him, but he certainly couldn't catch up.
Ahead, Tassalin was running frantically through the burning creature, and Naisi was clinging desperately to him. It was certain that the monster was injured, but he seemed angry and wouldn't let go. The fireball didn't seem to have much effect. When Tassalin regained his composure, Naisi drew his weapon, a reliable shotgun, and used it against the creature. They knew it wasn't meant for this purpose, but surely this bullet could stop the black beast.
<<<DOC>>>
No, obviously not. He was just screaming and trying to jump over Tassalin's eyes with his mouth open. Fortunately, Tassalin was fast enough for him to dodge, but Nixi had already slipped on the smooth scales of the beast, unable to scream as he tried to slide his hand under it.
"What do you want?" Nixi screamed.
"Get your head!"
"It's hard."
Tassalin spun around and approached the mountain he called the nudge, which the black beast followed. The beast was pursued by a dark creature that seemed to be burning from behind, barely flinching. It didn't realize there were other creatures in the area. As Tassalin slowed down, his tail struck the beast's skull, sending it flying into the darkness.
With its teeth bared and a shush sound coming out, the beast ascended into the air, spitting out saliva into the sky. Suddenly, everything went dark, as if the beast itself had sucked light out of the sky and enveloped it in eternal night clouds.
As Tassalin lost vision, he tried to retreat, only to find himself rubbing against the top of a tree and falling into an empty patch of land. The beast knew where Tassalin had fallen, so it flew straight toward him, covered in a cloud of black smoke.
"Kayel!" Teunuk shouted as he slid off the clouds and began to spin, looking for Nixi and Tassalin in the darkness below. "What am I supposed to do? Kayel... what is Kayel?"
Below, Nixi stood up quickly. She could see clearly that some bones were broken, but her strange and unnatural healing powers were already working. Tassalin had no such thing. Tassalin leaned against a single tree, lying like a rock. Nixi desperately tried to get to Tassalin, but she couldn't make out even several meters away. The ground was pitch black, and filled with evil shadows. And within those shadows, something was screaming, calling out key-key sounds.
A long, scaly tail knocked against nearby ground, causing Nixi to fall. But she realized that the tail wasn't aimed at her. Judged by her small appearance and the way she sounded, the beast screamed and used its claws to scratch at its own shadow. Something had moved through the darkness. And then, the monster was hit by something and confused.
Suddenly, a gunshot rang out, and the beast fell to the ground, still motionless. The darkness around it faded, revealing what happened. Kayel was standing atop the beast. Holding a rifle, he was breathing heavily.
"That was... kind of a weird shadow jump. I've never done anything like that before..." Kayel gasped. His eyes were black and glowing, and dark energy swirled around them. But as he spoke, the scales returned to their original color, and both his eyes turned yellow again.
It took some time for Nixi to figure out what was going on. Everyone knew Kayel possessed some strange power over the darkness, but he rarely used it. That being said, it was considered a terrible and rather scary force. However, Nixi didn't know how much of a power Kayel had over the darkness. And Kayel himself was also quite surprised by his actions.
"I'm okay," Nixi asked without realizing it.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I killed something, but it'll heal soon." As Kayel looked at the dead beast, Teunuk came down beside him and landed next to him, returning to his usual Spast form.
Since the beast was no longer moving, they could better examine its true identity. Its skin was black and warm, but the warmth remained firmly attached to its body. It had four wings and four legs, each ending in sharp claws, and two horns sticking straight out of its head.
When Teunuk and Kayel tried to ask what they were seeing, something yelped and jumped out of a nearby bush. But a familiar car crashed right next to the beast's flank, leaving everyone unharmed. The beast slid sideways onto Nixi's feet and fell. Without a word, Nixi grabbed her shotgun and fired, killing the beast instantly.
"Oh my God!" Le Tibec yelled from the driver's seat, turning off the engine and getting out of the truck. "I didn't mean to kill anyone. Are all of you okay?"
"You missed most of the important things!" Teunuk muttered. "Where'd you go?"
"They left me alone like this. They wanted to move me as fast as possible..." Le Tibec sobbed. "And what is this disgusting thing?"
Fortunately, Tassalin answered the question. Her body was scarred and matted with wounds, but her injuries weren't severe.
You killed the corrupting monster! An infected beast. A fallen creature remaining after your gods attacked you."
"So... we helped kill the monster's master...?" Teunuk roared.
"Yes, exactly. There may be more. But I can't punch my head. I don't have a gun. Also, two-to-one isn't fair, is it?" Tassalin walked over to Kayel and lightly tapped his head. "Keele, little one. Remember my old friend Alkadin, who didn't kill as many people as you did, nor was able to destroy the world."
"Well... thank you... I guess." Kayel squashed his shoulders. "So, well, that's it?"
Nixi squashed her shoulders, pulled the camera close, and took a picture of the now dead beasts. Then she picked up her favorite flamboyant short sword and started cutting off the beast's horns. Once she cut off the first horn, she cut off the second. But when she finished, the monsters suddenly started to burn, and immediately became ash. The same happened to the horns she had cut off.
"Uh... kind of good, kind of bad..." Nixi sighed. "Did you take the pictures?"
<<<DOC>>>
The Queen, Elwynn, begged the King not to exile her son. The icy king looked down from his throne as the queen sat on the opposite side of him. There was a minister in the next room. The queen had given birth to a girl. The king became angry at this news.
His daughter resembled his mother very much. She had pale blue eyes and white hair with blue threads woven into it. The king felt that he would be seen as weak if he had a daughter. He only had sons before.
“Your choice is either kill your child or exile him to the wilderness,” she said, speaking like poison. The king always did that.
Frostfell was originally one kingdom but split into two: North, which was a magical world without magic, and South, where no one used strange powers. The two kingdoms fought an endless war because of their greed, until the South agreed to a truce.
To stop the bloodshed, the royal family offered the only princess who could be chosen to become a wife of the king in North, so they could have a boy to inherit the throne. The North accepted, and Elwynn married Prince Aquil.
“I beg your pardon, my lady. If you can save my child, I will do whatever you want. Prison, exile, even death.” Elwynn held her baby close to her chest and pleaded for mercy.
The icy king looked down at her with disgust. Maybe he could show mercy. He had been with her for 22 years, caring for her when she was in trouble, giving birth to her children.
“I beg your pardon, my lady. You may live here in the palace,” the king said, and the queen breathed relief. “But” he continued, “you shall die by execution.”
The minister and the queen also looked worried. The queen slowly lowered her gaze to the floor. “I see, my lady,” she said, bowing her head.
The icy king ordered the minister to bring the princess to one of Elwynn’s empty rooms. When that happened, the guards were ordered to bring Elwynn to the gallows so people in town might see her.
When the guards dragged the princess to the gallows, the townspeople saw their only princess being executed, and they screamed in rage. Some cried out, others shouted and tried to attack the guards. Others were confused about what had happened. But everyone had the same feeling inside them.
“Open up the princess!”
"Why should I punish her?"
As Elwynn approached the pillar, the most feared person in the kingdom appeared. A firebender. Her former queen had been sentenced to burn alive. No criminal ever got such a fate in Frostfell. Fire was considered the most cruel punishment anyone could get there.
When Elwynn was tied to the pillar, the king began to tell her how she had betrayed all of them. The people of Frostfell didn’t believe him, and they couldn’t accept his words. And when the firebender lit the pillar with fire, the queen’s face dripped tears.
“Live, Cal,” she said, ending her life in silence.
Silence in the hall
Cuts, cuts, cuts. Only the sound came from the bottom left corner of the south wing of the cold palace. The passersby were anxious to know what lay in that room, and scared. In the corridor, rumors of the maidens spread. It was believed that Elwynn’s dead wife lived in that room waiting to be freed.
It was a big mistake. As the passersby whispered anxiously around the wall, Ivory walked towards the south wing wondering what lay there. Nobody knew what lay there.
Of course, Ivory’s name was also rumored. She was the only one allowed to enter that room.
Kai, Kai, Kai. “Are you here, my lady?” Ivory whispered into the door. The door was decorated with snow crystals and a crown made of ice.
Unlike before, Kai wanted to go inside. He still had Azar left behind. Ivory remembered laughing at him. Kai threw a book at her shoulder, but immediately apologized when he realized who she was.
Only once did the sound of “cuts” come from the room, and she thought she was inside. But neither place seemed likely to lead anywhere.
“Can I go in?” she asked, remembering what she had done when she entered.
From inside, “cuts” sounded again. She thought she was saying something good. Ivory shivered with cold and the sound. She’d been in that room for many years, but it felt strange to think she was in an empty room.
“I’ll go in,” she said, opening the door. The sight of the room she saw through her eyes was different than anything she had ever imagined, but unexpected. Everywhere, paper pieces scattered everywhere. Books fell, desks broke, and several ice sculptures turned to dust. There were no windows, and little light. It was colder than any other part of the palace (and this meant more). Snowflakes blew everything away, as if they were just blowing things away.
That room’s girl curled up on the bed. She curled up under the blanket and read a book. A small lamp lit up the space.
“Which book is this?” she asked, leaning over the bed beside Kai.
<<<DOC>>>
She turned the page to a blank sheet, and wrote on it: "May 11, 648 – Dec 13, 648."
"I'm looking back at my past," she asked as she looked at her old notebook. "Can I come out of your room for Christmas?"
Kari patted the lantern twice. Ivory didn't answer. The king had never let her go out of his room. He saw in her eyes that she was "unworthy." She was born without a mouth, and was the only girl among the male family.
Ivory was just like him. When she came out of the closet, the world seemed changed. For punishment for being different, she was given work that would take most of her time alone.
She was forced to work as a mistress of the princess. But she wasn't worried about doing so because she could make friends.
"Are you getting ready for your birthday soon?" Ivory asked as she remembered how many days away her birthday was. Kari nodded, and her pale blue eyes flickered with a hint of sadness.
"Do you want to celebrate?" she asked, remembering her previous response.
"No." Kari tapped her fingers. Ivory knew this was a painful topic for her. It was the day when she was locked up in her room, and her mother was exiled. At that moment, Ivory was still young, but she remembered the fierce anger of the courtiers and common people. Princess Elwyn was said to be a beautiful queen, but she also heard stories about what was going to happen next.
"So, do you have anything else you want to do?" Ivory asked. Kari looked at her with excitement. She handed her a piece of paper. But when she looked down at it, she noticed something.
A six-by-six-inch canvas
White paint and various shades of blue
Six brushes of varying sizes
Easel
"You need these here?" Ivory asked as she looked at the princess from across the aisle. Her hand shook as she tried to hide behind her hair. "Yes?" As the princess, who usually kept herself very busy, realized that she wanted something, Ivory smiled slightly. This was the first time she had ever sought something outside of books in the palace.
"Yes! I'll see you again later!" Ivory asked, standing up and walking through the aisles, leaving all the scattered papers and notes behind.
Kari nodded, and went back to the task of recalling memories, curled up in her thick blanket.
The princess finally managed to get out of her comfortable place, and felt relieved to know that she needed something she couldn't afford with her own hands, like paint. Ivory left the room.
While avoiding gossiping with the maids, she walked through the hallways once more.
"She's been taken by Princess Elwyn, so she always goes to that room."
"Aren't they eating their children in there?"
"They look like men, but it's weird."
She tried to ignore them, but failed miserably. Ivory closed her ears as she headed into the drawing room of the royal painter. That was the second door from the east end.
It was decorated exactly like Ivory's door, with frosty ferns and the head of one of the six dragons credited with founding Frost-Fell. It was no accident that the artist had painted the decoration on the door. She loved history.
Ivory opened the door and expected to find the usual scene. Paint splattered everywhere, pencils and paper scattered throughout the room, and the walls were covered in easels. Unexpectedly, there was another scene. Completely out of place, hanging red velvet in the background, and a chair placed before it. Sitting on the chair was Prince Akilo, who was supposed to be painting portraits.
"Honey, hello, Ivory! You want to see the future king painting portraits?" Ivory wiggled as he asked.
"I'm sorry, prince." Ivory dropped the words, and a friend she had known wanted something she didn't want. "I've just brought some art supplies."
"Oh, cute little girl, you're coming home?" Akilo asked. "I wanted to meet you!"
"I didn't want to meet you." Ivory found the box of art supplies on the list, put it in it, and added, "And I'm not a girl either."
But the prince thought otherwise. "Oh, baby, that's temporary stuff! It's just a passing point before we grow up!" He said it with an undertone of hope.
"I'm sorry." The prince replied, feeling suddenly uncomfortable with the words. Ivory recalled the insults she'd received from people about her sexual identity. She really wanted to escape from this person.
"It's over now?" The prince ignored the groan of the royal painter, and quickly appeared at the door.
"This isn't the way the future king acts!" Ivory shouted.
"Don't touch anyone. Nobody will believe you, and painters won't say anything if they think you're dead." He glanced at the painter briefly, then leaned closer to her. "What about our date?" Ivory trembled. Of course, she'd faced some bad treatment in the past, but she'd never faced any threats from the prince or the heir to the throne.
"What does the word 'no' mean?" Ivory yelled as the prince pulled her aside.
"No." Akilo smiled. Of course, the prince, who had nothing to ask for, didn't even know what the meaning of the word was.
Ivory was stunned. "Why don't you want to date me when you have 100 other potential lovers?"
He held his breath, smiling. "There are actually 500." As he unspooled his hair, the strands floated cold air.
"That's right! Why would you want to date me? I'm a troublemaker in the palace." Ivory wrapped her arms around her waist.
"I've never met someone like you." Akilo reached up to her chin, and forced himself to look directly into her eyes.
<<<DOC>>>
Chapter One
Corren
It was 4:30 in Itania. Corren had been up all night, and he was so tired of waking up to this routine that he was annoyed with it. He woke up from his bed quietly, dressed in combat gear, put on his assault vest, took out his pack, and carefully handled the small box as he loaded it into his truck. He carried the rifle by his side, and clipped his helmet onto a little hook attached to his belt. The helmet was equipped with a respirator, goggles, and everything else necessary. As he checked his ammunition pouch and walked quietly out of the barracks, the mud and ice under his boots sounded like a loud clatter.
Corren pulled out his lighter from his jacket pocket and a cigarette from another one. He lit it, took a few puffs, and opened the door slightly. Since last week, he had decided to change the way his men were called upon for duty. He had stopped using alarm clocks that would wake them up at pre-set times, because they often didn't work, and he could only hear faint clicks from the speakers.
"Are you guys going to call them?" Corren turned around when he saw Lieutenant Nemich walking towards him.
"Yes," Corren replied.
"What kind of hand will you use today?"
He tried to answer, but the door opened, and Harris, Clees, and others had already changed their uniforms and equipment.
"Hallo!" Clees said.
"You guys have all gotten up?" Corren asked.
"Yeah. The first reason is I don't want to see what hand you'll use to call the company." Nemich said. "The second reason is that the surprise force that came first has the best chance of choosing breakfast first." One of the men, Ravik, added, "I know how bad food gets later."
"That's right, Corporal," Corren said. He reached out and pressed the switch. The alarms in the barracks rang loudly. He heard screams coming from inside and soldiers scrambling around.
"Oh my God, Walter," Nemich said. "Do you think we should get up too soon?"
"Well, here we are boot camp buddies," Corren said, looking at Harris, Clees, and Ravik. "But they're captain and sergeant, so they know better than us to get up first."
A few seconds later, the rest of the company came out one after another. They all had everything they needed, from supplies to equipment. Some of the new recruits looked confused, while others seemed irritated.
"Hallo, everyone," Corren said cheerfully.
"I'm sorry, but why do you need us to call the company?" one of the surprise troops asked.
"The regular alarm doesn't work, and the Daybreak Army won't sleep." Corren answered firmly.
"Check if you've got all your stuff," Corren continued. As a lieutenant, and as a second lieutenant, along with Captain Boradin Shou, the second lieutenant was responsible for supervising and supporting the company. "We're not going back. We'll be there for fifteen minutes with the sergeants and captains, and then you and the company will check and secure our daily rations."
The members of Exodus quickly dispersed. They were part of the Second Army, the Second Shock Force Division. Before they became integrated, they were originally two separate companies, Cohort and Dagger. They were elite units, and Corren had complicated feelings about being promoted to lieutenant.
Corren and First Sergeant Nemich walked together under bright lights from generators in the forward operating base. Most of them were painted red to make them invisible from enemy bombing aircraft. The Daybreak Army relied heavily on air and ground attacks from Wild Whizels to fight them.
"It's another day, and the front line forces of the hellish brigade start again," Nemich said dryly. "Where are we going?"
"We're sent to the Forward Operating Base outside of Ianros for air support." Corren answered, smoking a cigarette. He felt guilty for trying to bribe Clees, who wanted to yell at him for suggesting cigarettes, but he couldn't say anything because the year of fighting had worn him down.
"Heh. The front lines are getting worse." Nemich complained. "All the news we get comes from here, 'War effort in aid.' If we send supplies to the Hausland front, what happens?"
"So does it, brother," Corren pointed to the cigarette butt and threw it into the mud. "Anyway, we're going to go with Company A, so we don't have to walk. Colonel Shou must be there."
"And Colonel Shou is going to drive us to the car?" Nemich said, a bit surprised.
"Yes. Honestly, he isn't such a bad person as he seems. Not great, but not terrible."
Corren used his thumb and forefinger to tap his pharynx microphone and shook his neck muscles. "Exodus Company is ready to assemble at the west depot. We're leaving at five with Company A."
Captain, Sergeant, and Corporals responded every few seconds. Harris, Clees, and Ravik were all junior enlisted men who had come here before. All four had good friends since their basic training. Corren felt like he'd met them long ago, even though it hadn't been nearly two years. They were captain, but now Clees led the Second Company for over a week. His former captain had been shot away by sniper fire from the Daybreak Army.
As Corren and Nemich walked to the depot, they stopped at an eight-carriage train of main battle tanks and four Strikers. They watched the soldiers move around and confirm that their vehicles were ready for action. Corren's eyes immediately went to Captain Shou, the commander of Company A, who was talking to him. When they approached, Shou looked at Corren and walked past, without any emotion or expression.
"Nemich, Captain Walter..." Shou said, saying Corren was late. "Your company looks well prepared."
<<<DOC>>>
"Yes, Captain. You're heading for this now. We've given you time to procure supplies from the cafeteria." Just at 5:00, Exocad Squadron assembled at their pickup site. Shou climbed into his box and began talking.
"We're moving forward to I-131, 50 miles away from Iona Ross. Supporting our ongoing Iona assault operation, we will then support an attack on Iona and sweep out the rebels from its base in the valley below." Shou explained. "Each unit will be on its way."
As the squadron disbanded and each unit joined up, soldiers loaded one of the tanks with men. Corren climbed onto another tank further up the line, joining Nemic, Clees, and two new recruits. A few days earlier, they had arrived, but Corren wasn't familiar with these two. Sitting beside the tank, he adjusted his backpack radio and headset microphone.
"Hey, Corren, do you still have snowballs?" everyone calmed down when Nemic asked.
"A guy who stole a chicken?" Corren recalled the day he stole a chicken from the farm. "Yeah, maybe."
Corren looked at one of the tanks as Hales noticed that he was in his own division. From behind the tank's back, he could see a small chicken head circling around the perimeter.
"Yeah, he's still got them," Corren replied, and the tank's turret opened up, revealing the commander.
"All tanks fired!" The commander said calmly, but clearly, he spoke through his headset. The engines of the tank and Striker units started roaring as they moved forward. Corren rode on the Chronos, which rattled violently as it released its brakes and joined the formation. The tank formed a V-shape and moved across the Itaania Plain. In the winter storm, the wetlands and forests were frozen, but mud remained.
After about an hour, one of the newly recruited Orsons opened his mouth. "Captain, you're already here since the start of the campaign?"
"Yeah, Firestorm Operation," Corren replied. "We thought it would end within weeks, but... we treated them kindly."
"I treat them kindly, isn't that enough? They had more weapons and troops than we expected. We succeeded in destroying UFS Revanta in the first two weeks, and last month we destroyed Elbas. Oh my God, I can see where they came from right now."
"But I fight for the country no matter what," Orson said in a confrontational tone. "I don't fear terrorists."
"Now I'm saying that, but from my experience, most of those guys like you, who are just eighteen years old, hide pretty quickly if they hear gunshots." Clees said.
"They'll know soon." Corren laughed and didn't continue the conversation with Orson.
"Squad Leader Exocad, Commander Exocad," Corren's radio crackled. "Thermal source 350 yards ahead, right 20 degrees."
Corren lifted his body over the tank's top and pressed his optic goggle. When he switched to thermal vision, he saw a heat source far away.
"Oh yeah, there it is." Corren answered using his throat mike.
"Enemy?" Another recruit, Natiela, heard.
"I don't know." Corren said, pointing his hand-held mike at him. "Exocad Squadron, keep your fire down unless you get shot. Get rid of them."
When they approached, the small heat source changed from a blob to a clearer shape. Closer still, one of the recruits turned to look at something, ran off, grabbed it, and returned to the small ridge where they were. The figure entered combat position.
"Contact enemy," Shou called through the radio, and orange-colored incendiary bombs were launched from the ridge. Shock troops jumped off the tank and hid behind it, and the bullets streaked across the tank's side. Air-to-air missiles bounced and passed by at high speed, striking the ground behind the formation. One exploded, shattering a tank. Another missile struck the APS-Kelber of a Striker, detonated, and the crew scrambled out, scrambling to cover themselves.
"Iron 1-2 and 1-3, right 25 degrees, 300 yards. Fire begins." The tank's captain shouted through the radio. Iron 1-2 and 1-3 engaged, and their fireball blasted toward the ridge, exploding and scattering mud and stone into the air.
"Send Sentinel," Nox yelled through binoculars as he watched the ridge. One of the Kelber's rear doors opened, and a non-combatant stepped out wearing a special helmet. He addressed the four-microphone group loudly.
"Capture or kill," Clees asked.
"Capture," Corren thought, and the two Sentinels disappeared into the ash and smoke. Screams and gunfire echoed from the ridge, but stopped immediately. The next moment, the two Sentinels pulled someone back. Their boots dragged behind them. As the Sentinels reached their safe location near the company, they threw the person onto the ground, pounding him hard against the mud and snow. He groaned in pain as he was thrown.
Shou approached the man standing there as he stood up. Then he looked at one of the Sentinels. "How many dead?"
"Three dead, Captain," the Sentinels replied. "The rest ran and fled."
Shou nodded, turning to Corren and Clees nearby. "Bad news, but please take care of these two."
<<<DOC>>>
A new gallery exhibition on the themes of earth and water will be held at the New Gallery, featuring Benete Siso's work. (Photo by Benete Siso)
The new gallery in West Hollywood, titled "Benete Siso: Earth and Water Memory," is set to open at the Tierra del Sol Gallery on January 13, 2022. Siso has been active as an artist in studio art programs since 2012, and this is his first solo show. Born in Madrid in 1962, he grew up in Venezuela, Trinidad, and Miami before moving to Southern California with his family in their early twenties.
Siso has created numerous landscape paintings, portraits, and still lifes using acrylics, pastel, pencil, and watercolor. His diverse interest and varied techniques can be seen in his colorful works based on family photos, personal archives, and memories. Tropical landscapes and ocean scenes reflect places where he once lived, and rich combinations of figures and patterns harmonize culture, memory, and environment. While Siso often uses mixed titles in Spanish and English, these choices symbolize the diversity that is essential to his life in Los Angeles County. The opening reception for "Benete Siso: Earth and Water Memory" will take place on Saturday, January 13, from 6pm-8pm, and it runs until March 3rd.
For more information about the Tierra del Sol Gallery, visit tierradelsolgallery.org.
<<<DOC>>>
We can see that the area grew from pre-settlement landscapes to two-story buildings, 150-foot ceilings, and today's high-rise skyline. At a finer level of detail, we can see how this same process is taking place in central Sydney, where traffic nodes are being transformed into more walkable neighborhoods. The inner city housing market also needs to move beyond street trees at its most important locations, developing affordable community developments with higher ceilings. Of course, new residential development will need to be designed appropriately, including incorporating trees, landscaping, and parks along with other essential infrastructure.
Our urban planning system must change so that changes in our outer cities do not come only from those who don't like change. For example, there could be a way for independent decision-making bodies to approve quality designs that meet criteria such as tree height, family-friendly spaces, wide balconies, and shared gardens. These roles would fall to experienced architects familiar with local regulations and ordinances.
In the last decade, our lives have changed due to technology. Many people work remotely, and Sydney has built an amazing subway and light rail network. Shopping habits have changed with the proliferation of online shopping, and smartphones have made it easier for us to connect with friends and families closer than ever before. Adapting these new systems is possible through urban planning focused on revitalization rather than preservation.
Chris Johnson was former NSW government architect (1995-2005), then NSW Planning Commissioner (2005-2009). He is now CEO of Urban Taskforce Australia (2011-2019).
<<<DOC>>>
It's only one step away from gender equality, and last year the World Economic Forum predicted that it would take five generations to achieve gender equality in all countries. But the World Bank wants to cut that time dramatically short.
The international financial institution is now developing a strategy to significantly advance women’s rights and economic opportunities by 2030, focusing on increasing inclusivity and resilience through access to financial services, technological innovation, public policy and law reform.
In its draft agreement, the plan states: “Recent research has shown that social norms and thinking patterns can be changed, for example, by involving men in activities that promote support and endorsement of gender equality.” The plan also says: “By understanding how social norms and thinking patterns shape expectations, priorities and actions in daily life, we can accelerate and expand positive outcomes related to gender.”
Quantifying changes in thought is more difficult than calculating bank loans or school enrollment rates among rural women, but there are many examples of how women power mountains. In Iran, for instance, women who refused to follow laws that forced them to hide their hair were the greatest threat to this Islamic government over the past four decades. There are also 130 countries where the number of female legislators is extremely small, and where resistance to women’s suffrage and political activity is weakening.
In parts of Africa, civil society organizations have turned harmful rituals into health education programs. One such program helped change the idea of removing women’s reproductive organs from the village chief of the Masai Mara community in Kenya, Kandara Timayo, who told the L’ Mondévoir newspaper that he was going to abolish the practice “from ignorance”.
Other examples include the World Bank’s efforts to double literacy and job placement rates in Bangladesh between 1970 and 2022, as well as the country’s GDP growing three times faster. Women were hired at full-time rates in schools and medical institutions, which boosted trust and made it easier for women to participate in society.
World Bank plans will continue to focus on changing norms and systems that need to be replaced. In Rwanda, it took over two decades to establish a model case study for land reforms that improved women’s economic status. In 2015, President Paul Kagame of Rwanda said when he called for land reforms, “We must not only change laws, but thinking patterns too.”
The World Bank hopes these messages spread.
<<<DOC>>>
German farmers and railway workers threaten the economy
In Germany, where laborers and managers often work together in companies, large-scale strikes have been rare. There has been almost no precedent for a series of large-scale strikes. Now, this country is facing multiple strikes at once: angry farmers who have blocked roads with tractors over eight days, three days of railway worker strikes, and doctors who have already closed their clinics from Christmas to New Year’s Eve. This, collectively known as the “Bear-Haired Riot,” will put an end to Germany’s harmonious relations between labor and business next year.
These protests began on January 9 when the government announced it would cut subsidies for diesel fuel used in agriculture and abolish the exemption from car tax for agricultural vehicles. These measures have pushed farmers to the limit. And this situation will bring other frustrated workers together who have already managed to withstand inflation, recession, and the pressure of the government’s self-help austerity program. On January 9, train operators and railway workers started striking over working hours and wages.
To ease tensions with farmers, the government agreed to phase out its diesel fuel subsidy over three years and maintain the exemption from car tax. Farmers rejected the offer. On January 4, Robert Habeck, the minister of economics, was stopped from leaving his family vacation by a group of radical farmers who boarded a ferry. If the railway workers were equally unhappy, IW Kiel thinks that this could be a major blow to German economic growth. If the railways are forced to close operations, businesses will lose up to 100 million euros (US $ 110 million) per day. The main industries of Germany – automotive, science, and steel – depend heavily on rail transport.
The anger among workers is growing. “Propaganda about revolution” is spreading. The far-right party “AfD” is eager to stir up discontent. In Dresden, another far-right group called “Free Saxony” infiltrated farmer protests and called for the removal of traffic lights.
Thomas Palsch, IW Kiel’s director, fears that these strikes will damage Germany’s image as a place for business. Many German executives are now worried about the possibility of a German version of the French Le Jannons’ movement in 2018. A yellow jacketed protest march set fire to a car on the Seine River, and police used tear gas to break into the building. Yohann Copelk, president of the Federal Police, warned in an interview with Die Tageszeitung that farmer strikes will just begin a big wave of protests this year. Germany is one of only two economies that has experienced negative growth in 2023, and expected to fall even further off in December, especially in hard times. It may become even more difficult this year.
<<<DOC>>>
Wine makers get angry at the beer industry for refusing to comply with EU regulations on waste disposal, which have been lifted from wine producers
As discussions take place over packaging waste rules in Europe, while some beer manufacturers claim that they are unfairly discriminated against by the exclusion of wines from their goals and return payments scheme, one of the leaders of the European Wine Industry Association says that beer makers should not "talk about other people's things."
The new law aimed at curbing growing amounts of packaging waste across the continent is nearing its end, but some European brewers warn that it may be unfair to exclude wines from the return payment scheme or the goal, and illegal.
Environmental agencies have agreed to negotiate with the EU Council on PPWRs ahead of Christmas, using political negotiations with upcoming technical-level meetings as a means to bridge the gap.
The European Brewers' Association has submitted a letter to European Parliamentarians and Government Negotiators (Jan. 10), stating: "If the objectives and requirements of PPWR apply to beer, then there will be legal obligations to apply them to all alcoholic beverages categories."
At the ministerial summit on December 18, the European Brewers' Association stated that it was clear that the company would be excluded from the return payment scheme if the legislation were introduced by 2029, and that this exemption would also be applied to wines, given that the EU Council supports the same exemption.
While both Czech and Belgian ministers expressed concern at the unfair treatment of the beer industry at the summit, they declined to respond. Belgium currently serves as the lead member state of the EU Council, and is neutral during intergovernmental talks until early spring, when it hopes to reach an agreement with parliament.
Industry representative for the European International Association of Winemakers, Ignacio Sanchez Ricarte, said that he was opposed to the concerns of the beer industry. He told Euro News that the monopolistic market of multinational conglomerates is far from being comparable to the small domestic producer market.
Ricarte also questioned the credibility of the beer industry's claims, noting that more than 99 percent of the domestic wine industry is comprised of SMEs, and that the European International Association of Winemakers had focused on providing policy-makers with relevant information within its own sector.
"Your job is not to estimate what the beer industry wants to achieve," said Ricarte, "because it depends on the characteristics of the industry itself." "Similarly, the beer industry should focus on its own responsibilities rather than talking about others 'things.'"
Last year, the European Brewers' Association published a brief statement to the European Commission in Euro News, claiming that wine and beer are "quite different products" and that any rule favoring either product could distort markets.
Simon Spirein, CEO of the lobby group, noted that the beer industry already holds a leading position in terms of sustainability of packaging, citing that the bottle can be reused nearly 165 times before being broken down and recycled. The brewery also supports reuse and recycling systems already implemented in many countries.
"We support the initiative for PPWR, but we believe that in terms of packaging regulation, beer and other alcoholic beverages must operate under equal rules, so that each industry can contribute equally to achieving goals and supporting recovery systems," Spirein said. "In other ways, the beer industry will be disadvantaged in competition."
<<<DOC>>>
The Biden administration’s failure to catch corporate criminals
Former EPA attorney general Tim Whitehouse, who is now the Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility (PEERS) representative, acknowledged that while there were improvements in recent enforcement under the Biden administration, it was facing difficult circumstances: “To build an effective enforcement program, we need sustained funding and political support over the long term,” he said. “The instability of Congress not only lowers morale among EPA employees but can also impair strategic thinking over time.”
While the EPA’s problems are unique to the agency, they are not unrelated to the issues the Justice Department faces with regard to environmental crimes through ENRD. The former Deputy Director of Enforcement at the EPA, William Wurlmann, served as the director of environmental crimes at the agency from 1990 to 2007. The EPA sends the most significant civil and criminal cases to ENRD, but because the agency has been relatively understaffed, it often turns to other agencies when deciding which lawsuits to pursue. As of 2022, the number of cases sent to the Justice Department by the Bureau of Tourism Conservation was lower than any since 2000 (88), and the number of civil judgments decided since 2000 was the lowest since then. As environmental protection projects have noted, even the Trump-era EPA had on average 94 civil suits being tried annually, and 106 were sent to the Justice Department.
The Justice Department’s stance against corporate crime has been harshly criticized by some observers. While watchdogs have evaluated some of the actions taken by the agency during the tenure of former Attorney General Merle Gardner, the Biden administration’s Justice Department has leaned heavily toward lenient agreements that allow corporations to delay or avoid prosecution, and recommend individual employees instead. Former Justice Secretary Kenneth Pollett Jr. has revised the agency’s corporate governance practices to reduce the number of prosecutions.
<<<DOC>>>
The GOP debate over government closure has fueled the Republican Party’s internal strife
Conservative lawmakers who have been strict on spending in the House today voted against a series of votes, strongly opposing party leadership. This was an act of protest by Speaker Mike Johnson against his agreement with the Democratic leadership to approve the budget bill last week, and hardline Republicans believe that this legislation is not enough to cut spending.
As Republican governor of Louisiana, Speaker Johnson will face this issue for now, but the United States will meet its deadline to vote on 12 out of 12 budget bills on January 19. Johnson has publicly stated that he won’t support a “bridge bill” to extend the deadlines for those four bills until February 2.
But as the deadline approaches nine days away, Senate Republican Mitch McConnell said that Congress needs to pass the bridge bill to maintain government function. In other words, it could mean breaking up the promises that were made primarily to right-wing Republicans. Such tactics can create ideological debates in the House where opposition parties compete for seats, which could lead to some form of government closure or even the resignation of Speaker Johnson.
“Bridge bills aren’t how we finance our government,” Montauk Democrat member Matt Rosenfeld told The New York Times, “and I’m very clear that we’re obligated to vote on these 12 budgets under the 1974 Budget Act.”
Rosenfeld, a conservative hardliner from Kentucky, was one of the 71 Republicans who opposed the budget bill negotiated between Democrats and former President Kevin McCarthy. This deal set conditions for the recent Speaker Johnson and Senate Democratic leader Charles Schumer.
While Speaker Johnson welcomed a $16 billion budget reduction, Republican hardliner Fred Koch believes that the cuts are insufficient. Moderate Republicans who supported McCarthy’s deal see them as unrealistic, and contrary to the Republican goal of voting on all 12 budget bills at once rather than using the omnibus process, they would need to vote on each individual budget bill separately.
“Even though we’ve had good news since the new year, there are still people doing stupid things,” says Republican member Mike Roller, “We don’t plan to vote on the omnibus bill, so each bill needs to be handled and debated in committee. And needless to say, you’ll need more time to do that. Plus, I don’t support government closures. So I don’t think there’s any reason to reject the short-term bridge bill to get the process going.”
Since 1996, Congress has never voted on every single budget bill individually. Roller argues that delaying the passage of four bills would help keep the process on track. If Congress fails to vote on all 12 bills by December, then the Appropriations Act requires a 1 percent reduction in discretionary spending on defense and non-defense.
Thomas McCarthy, a Republican from Kentucky who was one of the most fiscally conservative members of the House, didn’t show up to the Wednesday vote. He argued that if a bridge bill could trigger a 1 percent reduction in spending, it might be the best way to end ongoing policy gaps while maintaining government function.
However, McCarthy insists that the only responsible way to reduce spending is to vote on all 12 budget bills. Even if many Republicans remain passive about closing government or reducing defense spending, if they vote on all 12 budget bills, enough Republicans may join Democrats in extending the deadlines for four budget bills, allowing them to agree on funding. Even if this means that Speaker Johnson faces harsh criticism from hardliners, it wouldn’t hurt him either.
“This (a 1 percent cut) should motivate and influence us to vote on all 12 budget bills,” McCarthy wrote in The New York Times. “So let’s try a bridge bill for the whole year, and we’ll argue along the way, and we’ll run into small obstacles along the way, but I think everyone should be willing to make a calm decision. That’s my way of doing it.”
<<<DOC>>>
Regulators approve new Bitcoin ETFs as regulators recognize the critical point of change in cryptocurrency regulation
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has approved, this Wednesday, an outright purchase of real-world bitcoin holdings through an investment trust fund, which is expected to be a move that crypto enthusiasts have been waiting for but has also been criticized by skeptical financial watchdogs.
The SEC has approved 10 public offerings of investments in Bitcoin including those from major and smaller financial institutions such as BlackRock and Fidelity.
In its statement, SEC Chair Gary Gensler said: “We today approved the listing and trading of specific real-world Bitcoin ETFs, but we did not approve or endorse Bitcoin.” He added: “Investors should continue to remain aware of the various risks associated with Bitcoin and other digital assets and their associated commodities.”
Gensler further stated that the approval of these Bitcoin ETFs was not meant to signal that the SEC had approved any other digital asset-based investment funds or listed securities products.
“It’s important to note that our actions today were limited to real-world Bitcoin ETFs, and this does not mean that the Board has indicated its intent to approve the listing and trading of Bitcoin securities,” Gensler said. “This approval does not indicate that the Board believes that the position of other cryptocurrencies under the Securities Act of America, or the current state of the market for certain cryptocurrency investors, is one where the Board would wish to see them comply with the Securities Act of America.”
The SEC has long rejected similar applications. However, last year, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia ruled that the SEC’s decision to reject the application to convert a Goldman Sachs financial derivative fund into a real-world Bitcoin holding fund was wrong.
“Given the context and the details discussed in the approval order, I believe the most sustainable path forward is to approve the listing and trading of real-world Bitcoin ETFs,” Gensler said.
The anticipated approval is seen as a big milestone for digital assets, and supporters see it as a chance to open up the door to investing in Bitcoin and to make it more widely accepted as a legitimate financial asset. While Bitcoin prices have skyrocketed since September, reaching over $25,000 and now over $45,000, this is partly because many Bitcoin investors expect that demand for Bitcoin will increase even further through ETFs.
Critics have condemned the SEC on Wednesday night.
Former co-founder and CEO of Better Markets Dennis M. Kehr said that the approval was “a historic mistake” that could not only release millions of investors and retirees from the shadow of cryptocurrency predators, but also undermine financial stability.
He described how the approval would lead to “mass arrests, criminal convictions, bankruptcy, lawsuits, scandals, massive losses, and billions of dollars in harm done to millions of investors and customers, while the chaotic and increasingly unregulated cryptocurrency industry crumbles.”
The SEC has long rejected similar applications. However, last year, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia ruled that the SEC’s decision to reject the application to convert a Goldman Sachs financial derivative fund into a real-world Bitcoin holding fund was wrong.
“Given the context and the details discussed in the approval order, I believe the most sustainable path forward is to approve the listing and trading of real-world Bitcoin ETFs,” Gensler said.
The anticipated approval is seen as a big milestone for digital assets, and supporters see it as a chance to open up the door to investing in Bitcoin and to make it more widely accepted as a legitimate financial asset. While Bitcoin prices have skyrocketed since September, reaching over $25,000 and now over $45,000, this is partly because many Bitcoin investors expect that demand for Bitcoin will increase even further through ETFs.
Critics have condemned the SEC on Wednesday night.
Former co-founder and CEO of Better Markets Dennis M. Kehr said that the approval was “a historic mistake” that could not only release millions of investors and retirees from the shadow of cryptocurrency predators, but also undermine financial stability.
He described how the approval would lead to “mass arrests, criminal convictions, bankruptcy, lawsuits, scandals, massive losses, and billions of dollars in harm done to millions of investors and customers, while the chaotic and increasingly unregulated cryptocurrency industry crumbles.”
<<<DOC>>>
In Ukraine, complaints about the use of Russian rose by 30 percent – RT Russia and former Soviet Union
Authorities in Ukraine are urging citizens to report their concerns about those who speak Russian
The number of complaints received from Ukrainian authorities about people speaking Russian rose by 30 percent last year. The government encourages citizens to report such cases, but claims that this is done so as to “protect” their country from Russian influence.
According to the National Language Protection Agency, there were 3,692 language law violations reported in 2023. Kyiv, Kharkiv, Odessa remain among the most frequently reported locations for these incidents. Thus, it should be one of the priorities for local community leaders to strictly manage citizens’ language rights in all aspects of public life, says Talas Kremen, a national-language ombudsman.
Kremen also noted that in Kyiv, where he spoke Russian, a taxi driver was fined 3,400 rubles (US $ 89) for using Russian when she was being served Russian food. He urged citizens to reiterate the details of how they take action if they have been violated with information or services provided in their native language, and urge them to file a complaint immediately on the website of the National Language Protection Agency.
Ukraine has enacted laws requiring the use of Ukrainian in all areas of public life, including government, health care, science, education, media, etc., which may result in fines for violation. Since the start of hostilities between Ukraine and Russia in February 2022, the country has implemented a comprehensive campaign against Russification, and parliamentarians say that this is necessary to protect their country from Russian influence. Local authorities have introduced bans on Russian art, concerts, books, films, songs, and full-time Russian learning at schools and universities, encouraging students to converse in Ukrainian during holidays.
In August 2021, a teenager singer was temporarily detained on the streets of Lviv after singing a song by Soviet singer Viktor Zaytsov, and strong protests arose over the forced filming of apology videos. There were also strong calls for the dismissal of several teachers who had spoken Russian to their students.
Oleksandr Danylov, head of the State Security Council, stated that “Russian, which has been used to indoctrinate the population since its emergence, must disappear from our territory.”
Russia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs argues that such laws infringe upon the right of people who speak Russian, which makes up nearly half of Ukraine’s population. Maria Zhalorova, a correspondent for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in February that the government’s discriminatory campaign against Russians has led to increased anger and frustration among Ukrainians. In September 2021, a study conducted by the International Institute of Sociology in Kyiv found that respondents cited linguistic discrimination as the most common prejudice in Ukraine, and 45% answered that it was a problem.
<<<DOC>>>
The New Normal of the NHS Crisis in Scotland – The Scotsman Commentary
New Statistics on the State of the National Health Service Clearly Shows the Problem is Getting Worse – We Should Raise Our Voices of Anger
According to experts at King’s College London Hospital, the waiting time for patients in emergency rooms has increased by 83 hours, and four out of every ten patients have been left with more than four hours of wait time outside the hospital, while 30 ambulances are parked outside the hospital, unable to respond to calls from other hospitals, and staff are worried about deteriorating health care levels and “almost collapsing” quality of care, they say, “with tears rolling down their faces.”
If anyone says that the state of the national health service in Scotland is not in crisis or it’s just a problem that happens during winter, we should raise our voices of anger. What’s dangerous is if politicians like Michaelmas, who are now in office, can’t be convinced us to accept this as normal, because there’s nothing they can do right now, then we’re screwed.
In the wake of the failed recovery plan for the Scottish National Party, which was so unpalatable, Michaelmas said that he wasn’t going to resign, but he did say that “it’s not just Scotland that’s having problems with the medical system in winter.” He tried to deflect blame to the UK Parliament instead, saying that it’s equally bad. It’s like trying to make people feel better after being forced to wait hours and hours in pain and suffering.
He acknowledged that the traditional problem of delayed discharge (patients who don’t get discharged until they’ve recovered enough to be able to go home) is the main cause, but he claimed that his action plan is being implemented quickly. If you think about how long this has been a persistent problem, then there’s no one here who’s really expecting the SNP to find a solution soon.
According to new statistics from the Scottish Public Health Agency, things are definitely getting worse. In November, 1,910 people were delayed in their hospital stay, an increase from 1,730 in April. One reason why ambulance services couldn’t bring patients in quickly is that the wardrooms are full, and the emergency rooms are also full.
From the situation of healthcare providers within the country, it seems clear that what the SNP is talking about about its recovery plans and action plan is just empty talk, even dangerous. We shouldn’t trust these incompetent politicians to help us break up the great British system of public health services.
<<<DOC>>>
Circular economy growth – Construction waste recycling companies set up new plants in Cambournald
This move will also help to transform the former Gort Shoar Works site, which is now an industrial wasteland.
Scottish recyclers have spent millions of pounds on their second plant, which has processed over a million tonnes of construction waste since its opening.
The Bristower Brothers’ cleaning facility converts all mining and rubble from the construction industry into high-value reusable bone material, with the same facility in Livingstone, West Lothian, avoiding the transport of approximately 1.35 million tonnes of construction waste over the last six years and generating more than one million tonnes of recycled bone for commercial use.
Bristower’s expansion of over six million pounds includes the opening of a second recycling facility near Cambournald, where they are currently rebuilding the abandoned Gort Shoar Works site, serving as a service provider for development projects in central west Scotland, housing and public facilities. In Livingstone, a third plant employing 39 employees is expected to provide sustainable waste management services and recycled bone to businesses in Edinburgh, Fife and Lothian.
Scott Bristower, CEO of the company along with his father Alex, said: “In recent years, the Scottish construction industry has become increasingly aware of the need to increase the use of recycled materials and secondary products while reducing the amount of natural resources used and carbon emissions. The investment in our second plant shows that there is still room for further growth in this area.”
“Scotland is looking forward to a major shift towards circular economies, and the government plans to introduce a new local tax on new building materials to promote the transition away from virgin materials.”
As part of its redevelopment of the former Gort Shoar Works site, the company received support from the Scottish Development Corporation’s Green Jobs Fund, hired additional staff, and intends to turn the pile of coal mine waste that was piled up at the site into a country park for residents.
<<<DOC>>>
The cap on the cost of housing for politicians is wrong. Politicians tend to be interested in intervention, and if there’s a simple solution, someone who knows the problem best will already intervene.
To ease the burden of living costs, the Housing (Renters Protection) Act 2022 was introduced about a year and a half ago with a cap on rent for a set period. According to the latest statistics from the Scottish government, last year alone, rents rose by at least 11.7 per cent per bedroom unit and up to 14.3 per cent per two-bedroom unit across all types of property, and since the Renters Protection Act came into force in October 2022, rents have risen more than double over the past 12 years across all property types (one- to four-bedroom units and flats within flats).
Many stakeholders in the housing sector had warned repeatedly that this could happen, but they were not heard. The government’s negative view that market forces would drive prices rather than the government driving them has been less convincing than the fact that the government and the sector can work together to avoid it, and that if there’s a better way to do it, then it might be possible.
With the end of the Renters Protection Act on 31 March 2024, new agreements are being considered which aim to expand the ceiling for future increases. This agreement concludes this week on Monday, and proposes setting the lowest price under the three comparison criteria used to calculate the “fair” increase based on open-market rates, new landlord proposals, and comparisons with market rental ratios.
If expert opinions aren’t heard, tenants in Scotland may face further increases in rent (Photo: Adobe)
This tiered approach sets the maximum rise to six per cent, or even higher than historical annual inflation. But worse still, the system is so complex and difficult to manage that it’s expensive to monitor and enforce. There’s already a first-instance tribunal for determining whether rising rents are fair, but neither side benefits from the new system, and it could further entrench bureaucracy.
Unfortunately, the agreement also seeks to impose additional restrictions on the housing sector. A simpler solution is to restore normal market conditions without external controls. That should bring down the rate below what we’ve seen in the last quarter. To ensure long-term stability in rental prices, the government needs to invest in and grow private rental sectors while simultaneously providing substantial funding to increase public housing supply. The larger the investment in private rental, the greater the stability expected in the housing market. With both markets growing in size, it’s likely that demand and supply will eventually balance out, leading to stable rents. Adopting this strategy could help address the current housing crisis effectively. There’s no other option.
<<<DOC>>>
Greggs: Maintaining prices on large-scale expansion plans to boost profits
The FTSE250 firm known for its sausage rolls and beef pies has announced it will expand its network of stores but maintain prices.
Consumer-focused bakeries like Greggs have not planned to raise prices next year, instead announcing that they will open 160 new locations outside the city centre.
CEO Royce Carey told the Communications Association that he was “not planning to raise prices at this time” because costs were expected to be stable next year, though he noted that rising living wages would put many retailers, including retail, under pressure to raise their prices, which could lead to deflation in the short term. He also said that while consumers may feel better about paying more, “it is still too early to say whether inflation will continue to rise or fall.”
Greggs also announced that it will open up to 160 new locations next year, ending its strong performance in 2023 with 220 new openings and 33 closures and 42 relocations. This added 145 new stores as pure gains, bringing the total number of locations to 2,473.
In 2024, the company expects to open up to 140-160 new locations, making it easier for customers to use them. It’s also looking into expanding into major shopping centres, tourist attractions, street vendors and industrial estates. Carey says, “If there is any place where I can’t currently use Greggs, I want to go there.”
It’s also planned to gradually increase the length of night hours across its approximately 1,200 locations by narrowing down the target market. In its earnings report, the company reported a 9.4 per cent increase in sales of its own-store units compared to the same period last year, but this was offset by a decrease in price inflation over the past three months from an average of 14.2 per cent. Overall, the company’s existing store sales grew by 13.7 per cent over the year, reaching £18 billion in total sales.
The company also notes that demand for vegetarian menus remains strong, and recently introduced a range of vegan options such as vegan steak bakes, festive baked goods for Christmas season, and chocolate orange muffins.
Matt Brithman, a stock analyst for Hargrove Lansdowne, described Greggs as a “year of remarkable progress,” citing longer operating hours, increased delivery options, improved supply chain capabilities, and a new product line of fresh baked goods. He further noted that while festive baked goods and chocolate orange muffins remain key drivers during Christmas season, overall sales growth has slowed due to lower inflation, particularly in the fourth quarter of 2023, when Greggs successfully kept prices low despite falling sales.
“Greggs’ main strength lies in offering low-priced products, and maintaining this approach is important, especially when consumer incomes are squeezed. The most important thing is that sales are growing, and they’re still growing. We expect continued growth in 2024 through digital supply, partnerships with delivery providers, and investments in expanding our network.”
<<<DOC>>>
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak’s wrongful conviction law, with its unforeseen and significant impact – explained by Scottsman
When politicians think they can overturn the verdict, they effectively place themselves on the legal side of the issue.
For years, especially as highlighted by the Scotsman newspaper, hundreds of post office clerks were wrongly convicted in the Horizon scandal, one of history’s most serious cases of wrongful conviction. They endured mental anguish over being imprisoned, losing homes, marriages, reputations, and even their innocence while still being treated as criminals.
The root cause of this problem is attributed to the Horizon computer system, but yesterday, Kevin Horlan-Reckay said that he was disappointed that only 95 out of more than 900 convictions overturned, leaving many voters to wonder whether the government will ever introduce new laws to protect victims of such scandals.
With elections coming up, ITV’s gripping TV drama “Beets vs. Post Office” has had an extraordinary impact. For years, politicians have been acting recklessly without any plan, but Prime Minister Sunak’s approach has problems.
Firstly, a law that would blanket hundreds of people in innocent status could inadvertently include those who were guilty. But if we consider the urgency of saving lives, it may be worth the risk. The second problem is much more serious. A law that overturns a court decision could create dangerous precedents for political opponents to challenge.
In the US, President Donald Trump is trying to avoid prosecution. In Britain, former PM Boris Johnson closed parliament illegally to advance his Brexit agenda, and Prime Minister Sunak hopes to overturn a high court ruling that says Rwanda cannot be considered safe.
The concept of separation of powers between the three branches of government is a crucial defense against authoritarianism. Politicians who think they can overturn court decisions effectively place themselves on the legal side of the issue. Voters should clearly express their unwillingness to accept such behavior, except in extreme circumstances.
<<<DOC>>>
Re-enforcement of surveillance in the state's prisons -- lives at stake
The system of state prisons is on the verge of a critical crisis, one that we have faced as co-chairs of the State Prison Safety Commission, which studies and proposes changes to improve safety. We all agree with the independent oversight needed for state prisons, from diverse backgrounds including prison management, civil rights advocacy and incarceration experience.
In 2022, more than 130,000 people were incarcerated in the state, but there was surprisingly little information about what happened inside them. There was no statewide agency responsible for monitoring prisons and reporting to the public. All we had access to was some limited information about deaths during incarceration.
Our findings make it clear that immediate response is necessary. Even taking into account population growth, the death rate in state prisons between 2000 and 2009 nearly tripled compared to national averages, an increase of 16 times greater than the national average. The state is ahead of other states, and currently ranks fourth nationally in terms of prison mortality. It cannot be left to sit以待.
It will require difficult policy decisions to reverse the trend in prison mortality and address many other issues facing prisons. But independent oversight of prisons can be a vital first step toward creating safe and humane prison systems. Independent oversight has been proven effective across the nation, improving transparency and accountability. At least 25 states now have state agencies that monitor prisons, and they all report lower prison mortality rates than the state of Washington.
Nearby organizations like state prisons, police departments and schools have recently introduced or expanded independent oversight. But prisons remain the only place outside of these institutions where health and safety is managed by individuals.
Independent prison oversight bodies can monitor conditions within prisons, meet staff and inmates, report on actual situations they've seen, and report concerns before harm occurs. They also collect data and report back to managers, policymakers and citizens so they can better understand the prison system and propose data-based solutions to deaths and other issues associated with prisons.
Not just prisoners' safety is being monitored. The Special Committee confirmed that oversight bodies could collaborate with prisons to provide support and suggestions to help reduce overcrowding and promote safer practices.
For a short period of time, from 1981 to 1987, the state implemented statewide prison oversight, praised by the U.S. Department of Justice as a model nationwide. But the legislative branch pushed through opposition from prison administrators and civil rights groups, resulting in the abolition of statewide oversight.
Independent oversight has long operated in areas where transparency benefits have not yet been realized, promoting public trust and evidence-based decision-making. We're asking the legislature to enact legislation to revive independent oversight of local jails, counties and cities throughout the state. Lives matter.
Haley O’Kincane: Activist, community organizer, executive director of Beyond These Walls in Washington.
Ian Frenchman: Disability Rights Washington’s dedicated advocate for disabled persons in prisons and jails.
<<<DOC>>>
How to determine whether the aircraft is a Boeing 737 MAX or not
For many travelers, the type of aircraft does not play a role in determining flight reservations. However, after the Alaska Airlines crash on January 6th, several Boeing 737 MAX 9 jets have been suspended from service domestically, so some passengers may want to know which type of aircraft they’re flying and which one is safest. While it’s easier to find out about the first option, finding out about the latter can be more complicated.
The type of aircraft is usually listed in flight reservation information. On Google Flight, you can open up your flight details page and see the type listed there, as well as on each airline’s individual reservation page. If you cannot find the type on either of these pages for any reason, expert flyers and seat gulps provide flight information such as seating charts and types.
It’s not easy to figure out which type of aircraft is safest. The National Transportation Safety Board maintains an extensive database of accidents and incidents. The Federal Aviation Administration also provides accident reports through its Air Traffic Control Accident Reporting System (ATCRAS), including data on manufacturers that operated during the last 10 days.
Another useful source related to ATCA is the Boeing World Statistics Overview 1959–2022, which classifies accidents by aircraft type and rates them by safety. This report was released in September 2023, and it states that the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350 are the least likely to suffer catastrophic damage, meaning they will never be repaired. It also includes some models that have never suffered total damage, like the two-story large Airbus A380. But these models had less than a million flights at the time of this report.
This report also compares the all-damage rate per 100,000 flights, which can help explain why some models are more popular or longer-lasting. For example, the Airbus A310, introduced in 1983, has the highest all-damage rate among commercial airliners today, with 2.53 per 100,000 flights. The lowest all-damage rate is the Airbus 320 series, including the A321 and A319neo, with only 0.11 per 100,000 flights. The Boeing 737 MAX series, which began operation in 2017, has an all-damage rate of 1.48 per 100,000 flights.
While this report calculates all-damage rates per 100,000 flights, it’s important to note that models that have been operating for decades, like the Boeing 727 introduced in 1964, tend to accumulate more accident records than other models.
Perry Cooper, communications director for Seattle Harbor Port, manages Seattle Tacoma International Airport, and in an email he described how accidents happen due to equipment issues ranging from human error to something else. So while knowing the type of aircraft you’re flying is easy, figuring out if it’s safe is even harder.
While available data allows us to compare aircraft types, the FAA calls for no comparison between aircraft based on accident records. According to the report cited by the agency, “There is currently no basis for ranking air carriers by their safety record based on accident data.”
According to the FAA, there were notable differences in air carrier safety records over time, largely driven by “less frequent but devastating accidents,” which became more uniform over time according to the report. The FAA did not respond to comments.
<<<DOC>>>
The circumstances surrounding the transfer of responsibility for the country’s dysfunctional political system to Bata Edou
Under President Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the Human Development Ministry (MDH) is being asked to resign over allegations that its 585 million Naira relief fund was misused. The ministry has been instructed by Olatoyejoin Medaani Federal Auditor General to distribute the same amount among individual households, but this has drawn considerable public backlash.
According to leaked notes dated December 20, 2023, the MDH instructed the auditor general to send funds from his account with the National Social Investment Agency to the individual household accounts of Bridget Oniel, the finance officer in charge of the country’s poverty alleviation project, the “Group Support Fund for the Vulnerable.”
Rasheed Zebair, a journalist aide, argues that the act was legal under Nigeria’s civil service framework, replacing Edou’s claims. However, it violates a provision in the 2009 Nigerian Financial Regulations which clearly prohibits fraud and other corruption within government business. Furthermore, the 2009 Nigerian Financial Regulations Chapter VII, section 713 states that “no personal funds shall be deposited into government bank accounts, nor should public funds be deposited into private accounts,” and that “any person who deposits public funds into private accounts will be considered as having committed fraud.”
A senior law clerk at a major commercial bank said to reporters that there were several issues with the case: “Firstly, the ministry is relatively new, and the former president, Sadie Umar Farkhah, was found guilty of an illegal act. While it may reflect on the ministry’s operating policies, depositing public funds into private accounts would violate public tender rules. Moreover, while it is not necessarily fraudulent if the minister does not provide valid reasons for approval, it is inappropriate, and the situation remains opaque.”
Political analyst Akim Akinwale tweeted that he thought the ministry had used individuals’ accounts without cause.
Legal advisor Iaboo Awakoya, a political analyst and development manager, also posted on his Twitter page expressing sympathy towards the minister, believing that his zeal to carry out his duties could have led him to make mistakes.
These experts’ comments suggest that there is a disconnect between the federal government and other government-related agencies regarding financial regulations. The situation worsened when the leaked documents came out, leading to the transfer of responsibility for the country’s dysfunctional political system to Bata Edou.