Liang Wen-feng: Welcome to the investors. We started this company with no intention of telling you how much we're going to make, how much we'll make in the capital market, how to do it, so we didn't have that intention. The first few people didn't think that. If they did, they wouldn't have come.
So overall, we started with a very big kindness to the world, and we felt that this was useful for humanity, it was something outside of money. Of course, later on, this thing turned out to be very profitable, and then there was another temptation, and that was something else. But we started with the intention, our vision, and we kept that vision to this day, and we didn't do it in a way that maximized commercial interests.
I think this is important. I think about 20 years ago, I was most inspired by Jack Welch, the former CEO of GE, and now looking back, most of what he said may not be true anymore, but he said one of the most important things was that a company's vision is the most important thing.
A vision is not a slogan on the wall, a vision is how you do it, not how you say it, but how you actually run it. I don't remember what Jack Welch said, but I think that's what he said. So, how do we manage so many people and how do we organize? We don't have an organization, it's vision-driven, it's based on a vision. We don't organize. It's good, it's bad.
In the future, we'll figure out how to take advantage of what we have and avoid what we don't have, but that's what we do. We're not doing this in a way where we have KPIs and no metrics. We're doing it in a vision. This vision is not even written, it's not written, nothing has ever been written. It's a way of doing things, a way of thinking about the world.
Now, I don't know if every person in our company has the same vision for this vision, and maybe every person has a different vision, but in a big way, it's the same.
I still think it's a big kindness to start with, and to do something. We do it in this way. I'm going to talk about this, and then I'll ask you questions. I'll talk about this vision a little bit later. This is the vision. It's true, it's written, we really think it's true, we really do it. Otherwise, you can't explain all of our things.
Because this vision requires open source. You can't organize people without this vision. For example, open source, but open source is not our open source. Open source has a feeling of compulsion, they think it's not their intention, but for us, it's our intention. And in this open source thing, we thought very clearly at the beginning.
The first thing is the vision; the second thing is that we think it's good for the business to open source AI. It sounds a bit contradictory, a bit counterintuitive, because historically, open source and commercialization have been in conflict. But I think AI is different.
Because historically, a software company, its market could be billions of dollars a year, and if it leaves the source, it's gone, it could be just a few million or a few billion dollars. But AI is big enough, it could end up taking up 10 percent of the GDP of the human race, for example. It's actually a big number.
One person can't own this thing, you can
