Liang Wen-feng: Welcome to the investors. We started this company with no intention of telling you how much we're going to make, going to the capital markets, going to IPO, how to do it, so we didn't have that intention. The first few people didn't even think that. If they did, they wouldn't have come.
So overall, we're doing this with a huge sense of goodwill towards the world, and we think it's useful for humanity, it's something outside of money. And of course, later on, when it turns out that it's very profitable, there's other temptations, it's something else. But our intention, our vision, and the vision we've maintained to this day, isn't done in a way that maximizes commercial interests.
I think this is the most important point. I mean, about 20 years ago, the man I most adored in management was Jack Welch, the former CEO of GE, and now looking back, most of what he said may not be true anymore, but the most important thing he said was right: the most important thing about a company is its vision. Management of a large company is not based on your rules and regulations, it's based on a vision. What is a vision?
A vision is not a slogan hanging on the wall, it's how you do it, it's not how you say it, it's how you actually run it. I don't remember Jack Welch's exact words, but I think that's what he meant. So, how do we manage so many people, how do we organize? Actually, we don't have an organization, it's vision-driven, it's organization based on a vision. We don't have an organization. It's good, it's bad.
In the future, we'll figure out how to take advantage of what we have and avoid what we don't have, but that's what we do. We don't do it in a way that we have KPIs and no metrics. We do it in a vision. This vision isn't even written, it's not written, nothing has ever been written. This vision is in the way we do things, in the way we treat the world.
Now, I don't know if every person in our company has the same understanding of this vision, maybe every person has a different understanding of this vision, but in a big way, they're all in the same direction.
I think it's still a huge sense of goodwill for the world, and then we do something. We do it in this way. I'm going to tell you about this, and then you can ask me questions. I'm going to talk about this vision, and then I'll talk about the rest. This vision is real, it's not made up, we really think this way, we really do it this way. Otherwise, you can't explain all of our things.
Because this vision requires open source. You can't organize people if you don't have this vision. For example, it's open source, but it's not open source like ours. It's open source in a forced way, they feel it's not the right way, but for us, it's the right way. And in this open source thing, we thought very clearly at the beginning.
First of all, the vision; second of all, we think it's good to do AI in a commercial way, open source is good. It sounds a bit contradictory, a bit counterintuitive, because historically, open source and commercialization have been in conflict. But I think AI is different.
Because historically, a software company, its market could be billions of dollars a year,
