Liang Wen-feng: Welcome to the investors. We started this company with no intention of telling you how much we're going to make, going to the capital markets, going public, how to do it, so we didn't have that intention. The first few people didn't even think that. If they did, they wouldn't have come.
So overall, we're doing this with a huge sense of goodwill for the world, and we think it's useful for humanity, it's something outside of money. And of course, later on, when it turns out it's very profitable, there are other temptations, and that's something else. But our intention, our vision, and the vision that we've maintained to this day, is not done in a way that maximizes commercial interests.
I think this is the most important point. I mean, about 20 years ago, the man that I most adored in management was Jack Welch, the former CEO of GE, and now looking back, much of what he said may not be true anymore, but he said one thing that was true: a company's most important thing is its vision. Management of a large company is not based on your rules and regulations; it's based on a vision. What is a vision?
A vision is not a slogan hanging on the wall. A vision is what you do, not what you say, but how you actually operate. I don't remember Jack Welch saying the exact words, but I think that's what he meant. So, how do we manage so many people, how are we organized? Actually, we don't have an organization, we have a vision-driven organization. We have no organization. This has both benefits and drawbacks.
In the future, we'll figure out how to take advantage of the strengths and avoid the weaknesses, but that's our thing. We're not doing this in a "KPI, no KPI" way, only vision. This vision isn't even written down, not written, nothing written. It's in the way we do things, in the attitude we have towards the world.
Now, I think each person in our company has a different understanding of this vision, maybe each person's vision is different, but in a big way, they're all in the same direction.
And I think we're still doing this because of this huge goodwill for this world and doing something. We do this with this. I'm going to tell you about this, and then I'll ask you questions. I'll talk about this vision for the rest of the talk. I think this vision is real, not made up. We really think this way, really do it this way. Otherwise, you can't explain a lot of things we do.
Because this vision requires open source. You can't organize people without this vision. For example, open source, but open source is different from ours. Open source has a feeling of compulsion, they feel it's not the intention, but for us, this is our intention. And in this open source thing, we were very clear at the beginning.
The first thing is the vision; the second thing is that we think that it's good for the business to open source AI. It sounds a bit contradictory, a bit counterintuitive, because historically, open sourcing and commercialization have been in conflict. But I think AI is different.
It's because in history, a software company, its market could be worth billions of dollars a year, and if it leaves the source, it doesn't have it, it might only have a few million or a few billion dollars. But AI is big enough that it might end up taking up 10 percent of the GDP of the
