Liang Wen-feng: Welcome to the investors. We started this company with no intention of telling you how much we're going to make, going to the capital markets, going to IPO, how to do it, so we didn't have that intention. The first few people didn't have that intention. If they did, they wouldn't have come.
So overall, we're doing this with a huge sense of goodwill for the world, and we think it's useful for humanity, it's something outside of money. And of course, later on, when it turns out that the thing is very profitable, there are other temptations, it's something else. But our intention, our vision, and the vision that we're keeping to this day, is not done in a way that maximizes commercial interests.
I think this is important. I think about 20 years ago, the man I most admire in management was Jack Welch, the former CEO of GE, and now looking back, most of what he said may not be true anymore, but the most important thing he said was right: the most important thing about a company is its vision.
The vision is not a slogan on the wall, the vision is how you do it, it's not how you say it, it's how you actually run it. I don't remember what Jack Welch said, but I think that's what he said. So, how do we manage so many people, how do we organize? We don't have an organization, it's vision-driven, it's vision-based. We don't have an organization. It's a good thing, it's a bad thing.
In the future, we'll figure out how to take advantage of what we have and avoid what we don't have, but that's what we do. We don't do it in a way that maximizes KPIs, we don't do it in a way that maximizes KPIs, we do it in a way that maximizes vision. This vision is not written, it's not written, it's not written. This vision is in the way that we do things, in the way that we treat the world.
Now, I don't know if everyone in our company has the same vision for this vision, and I don't know if everyone in our company has the same vision for this vision, but in a big way, they all have the same vision.
I think it's still a huge sense of goodwill for the world, and we do something with it. We do it in a way that maximizes vision. I'll tell you about this after I talk to you about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about this vision. I'll talk about
