Liang Wen-feng: Welcome to the investors. We started this company with no intention of telling you how much we're going to make, going to the capital markets, going to IPO, how to do it, so we didn't have that intention. The first few people didn't even think about it. If they did, they wouldn't have come.
So overall, we're doing this with a huge sense of goodwill towards the world, and we think it's useful for humanity, it's something outside of money. And of course, later on, it turns out it's very profitable, and then there's other temptations, and that's something else. But the intention, the vision, and the vision that we've maintained to this day, has not been done in a way that maximizes commercial interests.
And I think this is the most important point. I mean, about 20 years ago, the man I most admire in management was Jack Welch, the former CEO of GE, and now looking back, much of what he said may have been wrong, but the most important thing he said was right: a company's most important thing is its vision. Management of a large company is not based on your rules and regulations, it's based on a vision. What is a vision?
A vision is not a slogan on the wall, it's what you do, it's not what you say, it's how you actually operate. I don't remember what Jack Welch said, but I think it was something like that. So how do we manage so many people, how do we organize? It's not organized, it's vision-driven, it's organized by a vision. We're not organized. It's a good thing, it's a bad thing.
In the future, we'll figure out how to take advantage of what we have and avoid what we don't have, but that's what we do. We don't do it with KPIs and no KPIs. We do it with a vision. This vision is not even written, it wasn't written, there's nothing written. It's the way we do things, the way we treat the world.
Now, I don't know if everyone in our company has the same vision for this vision, and I don't think everyone's vision is the same, but there's a common direction.
I think it's still a big sense of goodwill to do something, and we do it with this vision. I'm going to tell you about this, and then I'll ask you questions. I'll talk about this vision for the rest of the talk. This is the vision, it's real, not made up, we really think this way, we really do this. Otherwise, you can't explain a lot of things about us.
Because this vision requires open source. You can't organize people if you don't have this vision. For example, it's open source, but it's not open source like ours. It's open source in a forced way, they feel it's not the right way, but for us, it's the right way. And in this open source thing, we started with a very clear understanding.
The first thing is the vision; the second thing is we think it makes sense to do AI in a commercial way, and open source is good. It sounds a bit contradictory, a bit counterintuitive, because historically, open source and commercialization have been in conflict. But I think AI is different.
Because historically, a software company, its market could be billions of dollars a year, and if it leaves the source, it's gone, it could be a few million or a few billion dollars. But AI is big enough
