Liang Wen-feng: Welcome to the investors. We started this company with no intention of telling you how much we're going to make, going to the capital markets, going to IPO, how to do it, so we didn't have that intention. The first few people didn't even think about it. If they did, they wouldn't have come.
So overall, we're doing this with a huge sense of goodwill towards the world, and we think it's useful for humanity, it's something outside of money. And of course, later on, when it turns out it's very profitable, there's other temptations, it's another thing. But we started with this intention, our vision, and we've maintained that vision to this day, and it's not done in a way that maximizes commercial interests.
I think this is the most important point. I mean, about 20 years ago, the man I most admire in management was Jack Welch, the former CEO of GE, and now looking back, much of what he said may not be true anymore, but the most important thing he said was right: a company's most important thing is its vision.
A vision is not a slogan hanging on the wall, a vision is how you do it, not how you say it, but how you actually run it. And Jack Welch said the same thing, I don't remember the exact words, but I think that's what he meant. So, how do we manage so many people and how do we organize? It's not organized, it's vision-driven, it's organized by a vision. We're not organized. It's a good thing, it's a bad thing.
In the future, we'll figure out how to take advantage of what we have and avoid what we don't have, but that's what we do. We don't do it in a way where we have KPIs and no metrics. We do it by vision. This vision is not even written, it's not written, nothing has ever been written. It's the way we do things, the way we treat the world.
Now, maybe each of us in the company has a different understanding of this vision, maybe each one of us has a different vision, but in a big way, it's the same.
And I think it's still a big sense of goodwill for the world and to do something. We do this by organization. So I'm going to tell you about this, and then I'll ask you questions. I'll talk about this vision for a while.
I mean, this vision is real. It's not made up. We really think this way. We really do it this way. Otherwise, you can't explain all of our things.
Because this vision requires open source. You can't organize people if you don't have this vision. For example, it's open source, but it's not open source like ours. It's open source in a forced way. They feel it's not the intention, but for us, it's our intention. And in this open source thing, we started with a very clear understanding.
First of all, vision. Second of all, we think that it's good for the business to make AI open source. It sounds a bit contradictory, a bit counterintuitive, because historically, open source and commercialization have been in conflict. But I think AI is different.
Because historically, a software company, its market could be billions of dollars a year, and if it leaves the source, it's gone, it could be just a few million or a few billion dollars. But AI is big enough, it could end up taking up 10 percent of the GDP of
