The human race has never stopped its progress, and in difficult times people have again grown and adapted. Cities continue to prosper as they do not change, while science and technology continue to evolve at an ever-increasing rate. The discovery of the iguana has led humanity to unprecedented levels of development, but it is still only just beginning to reach the highest point on this scale. The benefits that this newly discovered knowledge will bring cannot be more than attributed to God’s intervention. Our existence on earth will shine like a star for those who dwell above the clouds. Every member of the Carlsen family will evaluate the iguana, and people feel a great potential for this mineral. There are no side effects or negative consequences associated with mining the iguana, so there is nothing to worry about; rather, there is even more!
November 14th, 2543, 10:26 pm
Clic. Another re-run of the story from when the world was destroyed. When I am distracted, my father cuts the channel. From his pained expression he can see how much sadness is seeping into his heart, and I knew immediately that what had happened would make me very unhappy. After the story aired, I always felt bad, but watching it made me laugh. It was a lot of good memories, though not quite as good as they used to be. I emptied my tank and started laughing. I slowly stood up, trying to recover from my fatigue. My father remained sad, and if I were him I would try to calm down and perhaps find some joy, but today I’m too tired.
I walked cautiously toward the door, speaking softly to my father. “Come out now. Dinner is in the refrigerator.” He didn’t reply. Yeah. My father always hears my voice coming through, so maybe I’ll be okay. I slowly closed the door behind myself. A deep sigh escaped my lips. I put my hand on the cold metal scanner to lock the door. This apartment has all kinds of advanced technology. No, most buildings have amazing scientific equipment, and people use other different technologies long ago.
It was a rainy night, and I took a walk. Walking around Paltricas streets was a privilege given to people who escaped being caught by something or simply ran lucky. The beautiful city illuminated by stars thousands of years old was lovely. And far away in the sky, it was lonely. Paltricas was nice, but also a place where you could live luxuriously. The apartment complex and single-family homes filled with people were packed up, thanks to the iguana, which allowed hundreds of floors per building. This mineral expanded our base of operations, and the public wasn’t really aware of it. Because it was carefully managed.
So I sat down at my usual cafe, feeling a bit dispirited. Most people avoid this area. In this region, people who deviate or get infected with viruses are called outcasts. The rumors spread that these outcasts were found. I hadn’t thought of this thing at all before. I’d been incredibly lucky since then, and my owner was a great person. Would someone stop talking to me late at night and offer free coffee?
When I entered the room, the smell of freshly brewed coffee flooded my lungs, and the big sound of the bell cleared my mind. Of course, the owner was standing behind the counter, but the shop was empty except for a few customers further back. After a long walk, my legs were tired, so I approached the counter and leaned over one of the stools. Fortunately, I saw that Anton came back with his usual cup. “Hey, Rylis, anything wrong?” His hushed voice echoed in my fractal brain. “Not much,” he said casually. But immediately, the fatigue hit me.
To heal my exhaustion, I drank several cups of coffee. “That witness testimony makes me think the economy isn’t going well yet...?” I whispered quietly to keep the customers in my booth from getting scared off. Anton wiped the glass with a cloth and nodded. Strictly speaking, this is a bar, but he hasn’t ever come here to drink alcohol. I heard a little whispering behind the counter, but most of the conversation tonight between us was short. I shook his hand and left the room. I was a little better than yesterday.
Walking alone down the dark street at night was not the best option, but it was much better than sitting in that depressing apartment. The sex sounds of my neighbors were louder than any music I was listening to. So I looked forward to the next day, hoping to hear something else. I went to Al’s hardware store. It was fun to find interesting things, but I regretted it quickly after hearing footsteps behind me. Probably a joke, but if I don’t get robbed or lost in a bag, nobody will bother me. That’s where the mafia and gang activity lives.
What’s wrong? We’re half human, and we can’t even stop each other from hurting each other. So I hurriedly increased my walking speed. Since Al’s store is right there, I should be fine. Standing in front of the brightly lit sign that says “Albon’s Hardware” and looking back behind me, I realized I was no longer following. Slowly, I returned to the same store. Here it was like a hideaway, and Albon accepted the people who mutated and got into Paltricas. Opening the door revealed that the lights were off, and strangely, Albon was nowhere to be seen. No one had fled. Nothing. Inside, something was wrong.
<<<DOC>>>
I quietly went to the back of the shop, and from behind the metal grate I heard voices and murmurs. The grate was easy to pull out with a few tug-of-aws, and it was my best way to keep myself safe when I crawled into the ventilation hole. As I moved through the opening, strange conversations between men in fancy clothes were audible. I noticed that one of them had a chain tied around his neck. I thought he would be caught eventually, but not now.
Albon was a nice man, but this situation made me feel like something wasn’t right. You don’t need to poke someone’s head in your face unless you know what you’re doing, especially if they’re dealing with all the power and trouble in town. But I couldn’t let go of my own feelings. When I slowly exhaled, I slowly pulled out the grate below and stepped inside. “Aron? Aron!” I whispered softly, but no reaction came. I opened my mouth again, whispering, “Rilise? What’s going on here? Don’t run away, I’ll catch you.”
I knew it. I thought about taking the lock off Albon’s chains as I approached, and the voice got closer, then grew louder: “Get moving! Get back through the ventilation hole and out of here. We won’t let you come back. If we do see you again, it won’t be here.” The fear in Albon’s face at the first mention of my name scared me even more than his warning did. He didn’t want to stay long. So I quickly left through the ventilation hole. It was hard enough losing such a valuable friend. They might have taken him somewhere else. My mind churned with confusion and anger, mostly because I’d been studying Anton for a while. Anton was named after a prison cell, which felt like a perfect match to the name. And, needless to say, the virus had severed all connections to other land outside its infection zone, except for the rest of the world where it lived. That was... tragic.
As I walked home, the house was quiet, but my mind was buzzing with thoughts that I couldn’t help but dwell on. I’d experienced so many different emotions in my brain, and I’d suffered regretful losses that I couldn’t shake off. Finally, I arrived home, and the terror in my heart, caused by the thunder coming up above me, made me cry. Thunder can sometimes frighten people. My father was already asleep on the sofa. Something from an old movie must have played in my head, probably ten or twenty years ago. I sighed heavily and returned to my room quietly. When I lay down on the bed, I couldn’t open my eyes for very long. Soon, sleep took over.
Explosion
January 19, 2043, 2:34 am
It has been several days since I’ve been taken away from Albon. I’m sure I’ve been taken somewhere, but I don’t know where. I recognize the clothing, but it’s impossible to tell how long ago. I sigh deeply and place my hand on the system in front of me. There is a red and purple light leaking from there. Maybe I could hack security at this point, and maybe this place isn’t too far away, and maybe they’re trying to take care of things... I guess I should stop. Of course, I’m breaking moral codes without being asked, and my fingers are moving across multiple screens. Still, I think I’m pretty awesome. I’ve been making some good buzzfeed accounts online, and people call me Wraith. Very memorable names.
My camera footage was transferred to my mobile device, and I looked at each frame carefully. Nothing. It looks as though they weren’t there. I just don’t understand. Remote access doesn’t seem to give any security. How did they get here? Ah, yeah. I stood up, jumped, and tried to push out some ideas from my head. I put on shoes and walked out. “Dad, I’m coming back soon.” No response. Well, dad never answers, and probably he’s busy with something bigger.
When I leave the apartment, my back jerks. Weird. I ignore that feeling and try to cheer myself up by heading to Albon’s shop to investigate. But my feet lead me to Anton’s bar. It’s a relatively calm place, and I needed to talk to someone. Could there be another person who fits the bill better than the handyman?
Anton’s shop was different every time. New faces, new energy, and activity. I’m sure I’m stressed out because I’m always alone. “Hey, boss, coffee ready,” I said, sounding a little bit dazed. I turned my head quickly, seeing him sputtering breathlessly, and a small smile escaped my lips. “Hey, Rilise, stop talking to me,” he said gently. He seemed really tired. “Yeah, I’m kind of busy. I mean, lots of customers. Can I help?” I said, hugging my lungs. “No, I don’t want to spend my life with these idiots. But I’m sorry, I can’t work with you here. I’ll pay later.” He looked straight ahead at me with puppy-dog eyes.
<<<DOC>>>
From Tassalin's jaw, an inferno burst out, and the gigantic Sraqui set fire to a corner of the forest. Then Tassalin spun around in the air, watching for some time. By chance, when she slowed her speed, strange noises stopped coming from behind. She forgot that she was carrying people on her back. "Hey, Tenuk," she said. "I've seen you change into a Sraqui before!"
"I don't think it's much worse than being pulled along by a giant pink dragon right away!"
"Not so bad, Kayel?"
Kayel clearly didn't agree with Nish. His body color wasn't as black as usual, and his claws were deep enough to eat through Tassalin's back, but Tassalin seemed unconcerned. Nonetheless, since Tassalin knew she had frightened her new friend, she found an empty space and landed there.
"Oh no, I smell. I have to do something!"
"We also need to be dragged along, right?" Nish snapped back. Tenuk then slid down Tassalin's back with her tail, "And we left our Retvix here! Big, strong, and good at fighting. We should have let them go."
"Nah, I can handle that," Nish muttered. "Retvix is nasty, but not stupid."
"Well, though, did Retvix drive a car? You know what he looks like?"
Nish blinked and turned toward Tenuk. "Of course he can."
"Tennuk, you're getting bigger again. What happened to your skin?"
"It's just a little bit of dirt. And I'm still pretty big compared to you guys."
Tennuk looked up, and Kayel could see him smiling. "What about you, Nish?"
He opened his pouch and took out a round of ammunition. He put it in his belt and fired one shot. The bullet went straight through Retvix's wing.
Kaiel couldn't help but laugh. "That's funny. Did you smell anything special?"
"Nope, nothing special. But why did you run so fast?"
"Because I wanted to chase after you, right?"
"Yeah, that's normal."
"But... this creature was huge..."
"So what?" "Well, I can shoot it with my rifle if I can find it. If I can even see it, I can shoot it."
Tennuk hesitated, but he kept moving backward. He lowered himself until he was close enough to avoid the creature. He raised his voice and made a grunting sound. Tennuk stretched out, and his fur transformed into scales, and both arms became wings. Tennuk quickly changed back into a bright blue Sraqui, but his eyes remained red.
"You get on my case!"
Tennuk rolled up his sleeve, and Kayel could see two spikes on his arm. Tennuk had to take a while to land, but once he got airborne, he immediately started chasing after them.
But Tennuk and Kaiel soon realized they weren't alone. A third creature appeared from above, and Tennuk managed to dodge it.
"That's another one of Nish's fearsome monsters," Kaiel thought. "It's going to kill us if we don't get rid of it now."
So he fired two shots at its head. It struggled to breathe, coughing loudly.
Tennuk didn't answer. Despite being chased after, he kept trying to fly away from the monster. To deal with the beast, Kaiel had to turn sideways. That way, he would be able to target the creature more effectively. Two shots went through Retvix's wings, and the creature groaned in pain and disappeared below the trees. Kaiel couldn't tell whether the creature was still pursuing him or not.
In front of him, Nish was desperately clinging onto the creature. The creature was hurt, but angry and wouldn't drop down. The firework had failed to work as expected. After Tennuk recovered his balance, Nish grabbed his gun and drew it. This isn't the kind of weapon I want to use against you. But maybe this bullet will stop the black beast?
<<<DOC>>>
He was clearly too slow, and he just kept his head down as Tassalin tried to get away with the loud cry that made her eyes pop out of their sockets. Fortunately, Tassalin was fast enough to dodge the large body, but Nixi had already slipped on the smooth scales and couldn’t keep his voice down when he tried to slip under it.
“Who’s going to kill me?” Nixi cried.
“Your head!”
“It’s hard.”
Tassalin spun around and came up to the mountain where she was calling for help. The black beast followed her, but it was hit by an inferno from behind and was shaken. It didn’t realize there were other monsters in the area. Tassalin’s tail, which had lost its speed, struck the monster’s skull, sending it flying into the air.
As the monster slowly rose, it spit out some saliva and then suddenly went dark. Tassalin tried to retreat, but she realized quickly that her tree trunk had been scratched and pushed into the ground. The monster knew exactly where Tassalin had fallen, so it flew straight at her, carrying the black cloud along with it.
“Kayel!” Teunok called out as she began to fly through the clouds, spinning around. She was trying to find Nixi and Tassalin in the darkness below. “Where is Kayel? Kayel... Where is Kayel?”
Nixi stood up quickly from the bottom of the well. She could see clearly that one of her bones was broken, but she also noticed that her strange and unnatural healing power was starting to work. Tassalin had not experienced this before. Tassalin had simply leaned against a single tree and lay there like a lump of stone.
Nixi tried desperately to reach Tassalin, but she barely saw anything beyond a few meters away. The area was completely pitch-black, filled with evil shadows. And within those shadows, something was screaming.
A long, stick-like tail slammed into the ground nearby, knocking Nixi over. But she soon realized that the tail wasn’t aimed at her. From the small, slender figure she perceived, the monster shouted a loud cry and began to coil around its own shadow with its claws. Something had moved through the darkness. And now the monster was confused.
Suddenly, a gunshot echoed across the void. The monster fell to the ground, still motionless. The darkness around it faded, revealing what had happened. A man named Kayel stood atop the creature. He held a rifle and was breathing heavily.
“Something weird,” Kayel said, coughing. His eyes were black and glowing, and energy seemed to swirl around him. But as he spoke, the scales returned to their normal color, and his eyes turned back to yellow.
What had happened? For a moment, Nixi struggled to understand. Kayel had several mysterious powers of darkness, and it was rare for anyone to use them. They were feared and even considered monstrous. But Nixi didn’t know that Kayel could use these powers in any kind of darkness. And Kayel himself was surprised by how much he’d done.
“I’m fine,” Nixi asked, unable to speak.
“No problem,” Kayel replied, looking at the dead monster beside him. Teunok descended from the truck next to him and returned to her usual form.
The monster was no longer moving, so they could look closer at its true identity. Its skin was black and cold, but the coolness remained firmly attached to its body. It had four wings and four legs, each ending in a thin claw, and two horns sticking straight out of its head.
When Teunok and Kayel tried to ask about what they were seeing, something screamed in the darkness. But a familiar car crashed right in front of the monster’s midsection, preventing either of them from getting close again. The monster slid sideways and knocked Nixi’s feet off the ground.
Without hesitation, Nixi grabbed her shotgun and fired, killing the monster instantly.
“Aww…” Retribicis bellowed from the driver’s seat, turning off the engine and getting out of the truck. “I mean, I didn’t do that myself. Everyone’s okay?”
“You missed most of the important stuff,” Teunok muttered. “Where did you go?”
“Everyone took my place. I just got here pretty fast.” Retribicis sighed. “So, what’s this thing we’re talking about?”
Luckily, Tassalin answered. Her body was riddled with cuts and bruises, but the damage was not severe.
You killed Colaptid! This infected monster has caused destruction to your gods. When the rest of us survived the fall, we left here”
<<<DOC>>>
The opening: "Please! Don't let this one go! She's still a child!" The Queen of the White House begged. The Ice King looked down from his throne, and beside him sat the Prime Minister. The Queen had given birth to a girl. And so the king was upset.
That girl looked like her mother. With pale blue eyes and a white hair wrapped in a blue ribbon with a knot tied around it, she was decorated with a wreath of snow. The Ice King saw that he would be seen as weak by his daughter. He knew that he only had sons before.
"You have two choices for yourself," said the Queen, "to kill your son or to send you away into the wilderness. You will pay the price for your sin with your son." In a way, she spoke poison to the king.
Frostfell originally did not belong to one kingdom but was divided between north and south. North was a land without magic, while south was a land where no one used strange powers. The power of the north led to an endless war between the two kingdoms, which lasted until the south agreed to peace.
In order to stop the bloodshed, the royal family offered the wife of the north kingdom to become their queen, hoping to create a single kingdom with them. The north kingdom accepted the offer, and the ice queen married the prince named Aqul.
"Please, my dear. If you can save my son, I won't do anything else," the ice queen begged, holding her son close to her chest.
The ice king looked down at her with disgust. Maybe he could help her. She was his wife for 22 years, who always cared about her husband and children when they were on the brink of death.
"I hope you'll forgive me," the king said, and the ice queen breathed deeply. "But," he continued, "you're guilty of murder."
The prime minister and the ice queen themselves both showed signs of fear. The ice queen slowly turned her gaze towards the floor. "I see, my dear." She bowed her head.
The ice king ordered the princess to be taken to one of the empty rooms in the palace. Once there, he told the guards to bring the ice queen to the execution chamber so that everyone could see her.
When the guards escorted the ice queen to the execution chamber, the people of Frostfell shouted in outrage at the thought that their only queen would be murdered. Weeping women and those who screamed in rage to attack the guards also appeared. People who were confused about what happened all felt the same thing inside.
"The release the queen!"
"Why should I punish the queen?"
As the ice queen approached the wooden post, the most feared person in the kingdom came out. A fire wizard. The former ice queen had been sentenced to burning alive. No one ever served such a sentence. In Frostfell, burning was considered the most cruel punishment.
When the ice queen was tied up to the post, the king began to tell her story. The frostfell people didn't believe him, and they wouldn't accept his words. When the fire wizard lit the post, a drop of tears fell onto the ice queen's face.
"I live here," she said, "Kal." That was the end of the life of the former ice queen.
Silence
Clic, clic, clic. Only that sound could come from the back corner of the southern wing of the palace. The passersby were worried and scared. The hallway was filled with rumors about the maid servants. The ice king's dead wife, the ice queen, was believed to be staying in that room waiting to be released.
A mistake. The passersby murmured as they walked past the wall.
And so, Abby thought. Everyone knew exactly where everything was, except for Abby herself.
Of course, Abby became a rumor. She was allowed to enter that room alone.
"Cary, are you here?" Abby whispered against the door. The door was adorned with snow crystals and a crown made of hardened glass.
This time Cary was different. He wanted to get himself in. There was still some Azar left. Abby remembered and chuckled. Cary threw a book at her shoulder, and she immediately apologized.
Only once did a click sound come from the room. It seemed that she was coming along. But there was nothing to do.
"Can I come in?" she asked.
She entered quietly, and the sight of the room came through her eyes. It was strange, even though it was unexpected. Everywhere was scattered paper. Books were scattered, desks were broken, and ice sculptures were crumbled into dust. There were no windows, and the light was almost non-existent. The place was much colder than any other part of the palace (and this meant something). The snows blew everywhere, as if they were just blowing things off.
The girl in that room curled up on the bed. Her blanket was pulled tight, and she read a book. A small lamp illuminated the space.
"What book is that?" she asked.
She lowered her knees next to the pillow and read another book.
<<<DOC>>>
She would turn the page to a blank sheet of paper, and write her date there: "May 11, 1648 – December 13, 1648."
"I'm looking back on some old memories," she asked Ivory as he looked at his old notebook. "Would you like me to take you out for Christmas? A few days from now?"
Karl knocked twice over with a light beat against the lantern. Ivory was right in the wrong place. The icy king had never taken Karl out of the room. He saw her as "unfit" because she was born without a mouth, and was the only girl among boys.
Ivory was just like that too, because of it. When Ivory came out announcing herself as non-binary, the world seemed changed. She was given work that she spent most of her time alone doing, which was a punishment for being different.
And so Ivory was also used as a servant to the queen. But since she could do things for friends, she didn't worry much about it.
"My birthday is coming up soon," Ivory asked, remembering when the queen's birthday was a few days away. Karl nodded, and her blue eyes blotted out for a moment in sadness.
"Do you want to celebrate?" she asked, remembering her previous answer.
"No." Karl tapped her hard. Ivory knew this was a topic that hurt her. That day, she was locked in her room, and her mother had been released. At that time, Ivory was still young, but she remembered the fierce anger of the courtiers who had threatened her. The Queen Elizabeth was a wonderful queen, but strangely enough, she had told him what was going to happen.
"Well, I have something to do," Ivory said. Karl looked excitedly at her. She handed him a piece of paper. But when she looked into it...
A six-by-six inch canvas
White and various shades of blue paint
Six brushes of different sizes
Easel
"You need these here," Ivory said, turning away from the princess, who was nodding along. "Yes?"
As usual, the princess was hesitant, but she did it anyway. And when she realized that she wanted something she really needed, Ivory gave her a little smile. It was the first time she'd ever gone outside to look for something other than books.
"Yes, I can see that!" Ivory said, standing up and walking through the hall, leaving behind all the scattered papers and notes.
Karl nodded, and went back to organizing her thoughts, curled up in a big pile of blankets under a thick blanket.
The princess finally got out of her comfortable home and found herself needing something she couldn't get by her own efforts, like a painting. Ivory left the room.
While she walked down the hallway again, not listening to the maid's gossip, Ivory continued to walk past the hallways.
"She's been possessed by the Queen Elizabeth. So always goes to that room."
"A woman eating children in that room?"
"A man dressed like one, but weird."
Ignoring the urge to ignore it, Ivory went to the painter's room. It was the second door on the east wing.
She approached the door, which was decorated exactly like Karl's door, with frost-felled dragons, the progenitors of the founding fathers of England. The painter had done this decoration on the door because she loved history.
Ivory opened the door and expected the usual sight of the painter's brushstrokes spilling everywhere, pencils and papers scattering around the room, and walls covered in easels. Instead, she saw another scene. Completely out of place, with red velvet hanging from the background, and a chair placed in front of it. The chair was occupied by Accolus, the Prince Regal, who was drawing portraits.
"Halo! Hello, Ivory! You're the future king getting portraits drawn for him?" Accolus asked her with a wink.
"I'm sorry, my dear prince," Ivory replied, accepting the offer. "I don't know if I'll be able to meet you."
"I don't think I would either," Accolus said, smiling. "But I guess I've got to go find someone else."
"I don't think I would either," Ivory said, finding an item on her list, and putting it in a box. "And I'm not a girl."
But the prince wasn't convinced. "Well, baby, it's temporary. It's just a passing point before we grow up." He said it with a touch of hope.
"I'm sorry, my dear prince." He said it, feeling uncomfortable.
<<<DOC>>>
Chapter 1: Corren At 4:30 in the morning, Corren was so excited about getting up early that he had to do it. He woke up quietly from his bed and dressed in combat gear with an Assault vest over it, took out some of his belongings from his locker, and carefully handled one small box before packing it up. He put his rifle at his shoulder and fastened a small hook on a belt around his neck to hold his helmet. The helmet came equipped with all the necessary equipment, including a respirator, goggles, and more. When he checked his ammunition pouch and slowly made his way back to the barracks, the mud and ice under his boots were making a loud noise.
Corren pulled out a lighter from his jacket pocket and a cigarette from another pocket, lit it, breathed in a little bit, and then opened the door. From last week, he decided to change how his men would wake up. He stopped using alarm clocks that didn’t work well enough, because they only produced a soft whirring sound through the speakers.
“Are you guys going to get up?” Corren asked as he turned around.
“Aye,” Lieutenant Nemic said.
“What kind of move will you make today?”
He wanted to answer but couldn’t. A door opened and Harris, Cleas, and other soldiers stepped out into the room already having changed and readying themselves.
“Good morning.” Cleas said.
“You’re all awake too, aren’t you?” Corren asked.
“Yes. One reason for this is I don’t want to see what moves the rest of my company tomorrow. Another reason is that the first people who get up will be able to choose their breakfast.” One of his men, Raviak, said. “I know you’ve heard that the food gets worse the longer we wait.”
“That’s right, Sergeant,” Corren replied. He stretched his hands and pressed the switch. Inside the barracks, alarms rang loudly. He heard screams coming from inside the building and the soldiers scrambling and barking.
“Hey, Vartulli,” Nemic said. “Shouldn’t you get up when your own comrade does? You should probably have noticed by now that I’m not getting up yet either.”
“Aye, here’s some campers from here who should have noticed,” Harris, Cleas, and Raviak said. “But they’re commandos, after all, so they’ll get up before us.”
A few seconds later, the remaining soldiers started coming out. They all had everything they needed—everything from personal effects to equipment. Some of them looked confused while others looked annoyed.
“Good morning, everyone,” Corren said cheerfully.
“I’m sorry, but why do we need to get up like this?” One of the soldiers in the surprise party asked.
“Because regular alarms don’t work. And also, the Diverde Army doesn’t sleep.” Corren answered firmly.
“Make sure you brought all your stuff,” Corren continued. As captain, and as second lieutenant, and as commander, Boladin Shou, corporal, he was responsible for supervising and supporting our company, which he wasn’t allowed to return to. “Get ready to go home. We’ll do fifteen minutes of drill with the cadets and sergeants, and then we’ll clear the final check and secure the daily ration.”
The members of the Exodus Company dispersed quickly. They were part of the Second Army Corps, part of the Second Army Group Division. Before they merged, they were two separate companies called Coghert and Dagger. They were elite units, and Corren’s complicated feelings about being promoted to corporal were mainly due to that.
Corren and First Lieutenant Nemich walked together under a bright light from a generator outside the forward operating base. Most of them were painted red to hide from enemy bombing aircraft. The Diverde Army relied on aerial and ground attacks from Wild Whizlers to fight against them.
“Another day ends, new front line operations begin in hell,” Nemich said with a dry laugh. “Where are we sending you?”
“The forward operating base near Ianros. Sent for ground attack support.” Corren replied, smoking a cigarette. He felt like he’d been told to stop trying to bribe Cleas, but he didn’t say anything because the war had taken its toll on him for a year.
“No no no. Things got bad on the front lines.” Nemich complained. “All the news I hear comes from behind the scenes saying ‘We’re doing something in the Kulgan front line.’ If we send supplies there, what happens?”
“Well, brother,” Corren said, pointing to the ashtray of the cigarette he had just thrown in the mud. “Anyway, we’re going to take part in the first armored company along with the Shou Captain. He’s going to come to us.”
“He’s going to drive us to him?” Nemich asked, a little surprised.
“Yeah. Honestly, that guy isn’t the worst person I ever thought he’d be. Not great, but not terrible either.”
With both index fingers and ring fingers gripping the microphone in his throat, Corren shook his belly button behind him. “The entire Exodus Company will gather at the West Depot once we’re done. We’re leaving at five o’clock with the First Armored Company.”
The company commanders gave him a reply within a couple of seconds. Harris, Cleas, and Raviak were all junior officers when they arrived. All four had good friends in the field since they’d been on basic training together. Corren felt like he’d met them long ago, even though it hadn’t been nearly that long. They were commandos, but now Cleas had become second lieutenant after a week of fighting. His former commander had been shot in the leg by a sniper and was now in the hospital.
When Corren and Nemich walked toward the depot, they stopped looking at eight Crusoe main battle tanks and four Striker trucks. They watched the troops moving around and checking if their vehicles were ready to go. Corren’s gaze immediately went to Corporal Boladin Shou, the commander of the armoured company, talking to himself.
<<<DOC>>>
"OK, Captain. We're heading towards this now. We've given you the time to procure food from the cafeteria." At exactly five o'clock, the Exodus squad assembled at their depot. Shou climbed aboard and began talking.
"We're moving forward to I-131, Operation Base I. It's fifty miles from Ianros. You'll be supporting the operations of Ianros, which will then be supported by an attack on Ianros, and we'll establish a base there in the foothills of the mountains." Shou explained. "We'll split up here and get out."
The squad disbanded, and when each division came together, soldiers were riding into one of the vehicles. Corren rode into one of the vehicles further ahead in the line, joining Nemich, Cleas and two new recruits. A few days earlier, he had come through, but he wasn't very familiar with these two. He sat beside them, his feet dangling over the side of the vehicle, adjusting his belly pack and radio headset with his tinny.
"Oh, Corren, is Harris still keeping snowballs?" Everyone calmed down as Nemich asked.
"He stole a chicken," Corren recalled thinking about the morning he'd stolen a chicken from the farm. "Yeah, probably."
He looked around the vehicle, noticing that Harris was in his own division. Just behind him, a small chicken's head peeked out from under its backpack.
"Harris still keeps snowballs," Corren replied.
Nemich joined the conversation. "Did he steal another chicken?"
Corren thought about stealing chickens from the farm the day before. "Yeah, probably."
He looked around the vehicle again, realizing that Harris was in his own division. Just behind him, a small chicken's head peeked out from under its backpack.
"Harris still keeps snowballs," Corren replied.
Nemich joined the conversation. "Did he steal another chicken?"
Corren thought that maybe he did.
<<<DOC>>>
A new gallery, the Tierra del Sol Gallery, is hosting an exhibition of Sisó's work on the theme of land and water.
Sisó’s work “People Swimming in a Swimming Pool” was created in 2022 and will be exhibited at the Tierra del Sol Gallery starting January 13th (Photo by Sisó).
The new gallery, the Tierra del Sol Gallery, is located in West Hollywood. Sisó’s work “Sisó: Memories of Land and Water” will be displayed here. Sisó has been active as an artist in the Studio Art Program since 2012, and this is his first solo show. He was born in Madrid in 1962, grew up in Venezuela, Trinidad and Tobago, and moved to Southern California with his family in their early twenties.
Sisó has produced numerous works using acrylics, pastels, pencils, and watercolors that depict landscapes, portraits, and still lifes based on different themes. His wide range of interests and diverse styles can be seen in his colorful works reflecting on tropical landscapes and ocean scenes from places where he once lived. Sisó often uses Spanish and English titles for his works, which symbolize the diversity of his life in Los Angeles County. The exhibition “Sisó: Memories of Land and Water” opens on January 13th (Saturday) at 6 p.m. until March 3rd (Sunday).
For more information, visit tierradelsolgallery.org or go to 7414 Santa Monica Blvd.
<<<DOC>>>
We can embrace the old and welcome the new, and solve problems in this way. Take the example of our city center business district: from the pre-settlement landscape to two-story buildings with 150-foot ceilings and today’s high-rise towers, it has grown over time. At a finer level, you could see similar developments around transit hubs in downtown Sydney. Residential areas in the heart of cities must develop at affordable prices, exceeding street trees in height as important districts, and we need to adapt our planning mechanisms so that future suburban futures don’t become fixed by those who don’t like change. For instance, there may be ways to approve buildings that meet criteria such as not exceeding tree heights, being designed for family life, having large balconies, shared gardens, and pleasant exteriors. These roles would fall on architects familiar with carefully drafted regulations and covenants, such as those of the current New South Wales government.
In the last ten years, our lives have changed dramatically through technology. Many people work from home, Sydney now boasts an excellent public transportation system, online shopping is more prevalent, and smartphones make it easier to connect with friends and families closer than ever before. Adapting to these new systems makes building environments possible even more effectively than preserving heritage.
Chris Johnson was former New South Wales state architect (1995–2005), NSW Planning Commissioner (2005–2009). He became CEO of Urban Taskforce Australia from 2011 to 2019.
<<<DOC>>>
It takes another step to gender equality
Last year, the World Economic Forum predicted that it would take five generations of change for all countries to achieve gender equality. But the World Bank wants to cut this period in half.
The international financial institution is launching a strategy aimed at significantly advancing women’s rights and economic opportunities by 2030. The plan places emphasis on increasing inclusivity and resilience through access to financial services, technological innovation, reforming public policy and law.
In its draft agreement, the bank notes: “Recent research has shown that social norms and thought patterns can be changed. For example, we found that engaging men could increase support and endorsement for gender equality.” “By understanding deeply how social norms and thought patterns shape expectations, priorities, and actions in life, we can accelerate positive impacts on gender issues and spread them more widely.”
Measuring changes in these ideas is harder than calculating the number of bank loans made to rural women or the enrollment rates of girls in school. However, there are many examples of how women’s power can move mountains. In Iran, for instance, the government’s attitude of not complying with laws that force women to hide their hair was one of the biggest threats to the Islamic regime over the past four decades. Some countries like India have seen declining resistance from men to women’s voting rights and political activism.
In parts of Africa, civic groups are turning harmful rituals into health education programs. One such program helped change a village chief in Kenya and Matabasha Masai tribe from changing his sexual mutilation practices to advocating for their abolition as he wrote in the Le Monde newspaper: “I want to get rid of this practice out of ignorance.”
The World Bank also cites other examples. Between 1970 and 2022, Bangladesh saw literacy and job creation double up. Its GDP grew three times faster, and the change had momentum. By employing women from communities as full-time employees — teachers and healthcare workers — trust levels soared, and “women’s activities and work became more accepted in society.”
The World Bank will continue to focus on normative and institutional changes that require an old-to-new transition. In Rwanda, land reforms took 20+ years to establish a model case for improving women’s economic status. In 2015, President Paul Kagame declared that “we must change our thinking patterns, not just our laws,” saying, “Women cannot benefit if they are oppressed.”
The World Bank hopes this message spreads.
<<<DOC>>>
German farmers and railway workers threaten the economy
In Germany, where large-scale joint ownership of companies is common, there has been no precedent for a large strike. Today, this country faces multiple strikes at once: eight days of "activity week" by angry farmers blocking roads with tractors; three days of railway worker strikes; and doctors closing their clinics from Christmas to New Year's Day. This, collectively known as the Mistagabel mob (bear-arms), threatens to undermine Germany’s harmonious labor relations for the coming year.
The protests began in response to government decisions that cut subsidies for diesel fuel for agricultural vehicles and abolished exemptions for car taxes on these same vehicles. These measures have pushed farmers to their limits. And the situation will bring together other discontented workers who have already endured inflation, recession, and the pressure of the government’s autonomous contractionary fiscal policy. On January 9, German rail and train operators began striking over working hours and wages.
As a way to ease tensions between farmers and the state, the government agreed to gradually phase out its diesel fuel subsidy over the next three years and maintain its exemption for car taxes. Farmers rejected the concession as insufficient. On January 4, when Prime Minister Robert Habeck returned home after family trips, an extremist farmer blocked a ferry from being pulled off. If railway workers were similarly dissatisfied, IW Kiel warned that they could inflict heavy blows on the German economy, resulting in losses of up to €100 million per day (€1 billion) if operations were disrupted. The major industries of Germany – automotive, science, and steel – depend heavily on rail transport.
Workers’ anger is growing. “Propaganda about revolution is spreading,” says Habeck. The far-right party AfD (“For Germany”) is focused on inciting dissatisfaction. Another far-right group, Free Sachsen, infiltrated another protest by farmers in Dresden. They called for the cancellation of traffic signals, which the coalition government’s parties label as “the colors of the SPD, FDP and Greens.”
Thomas Palsch, IW Kiel’s director general, warns that the strike could damage the image of Germany as a businessplace. Many domestic managers are now anticipating a version of the French Jilanne movement in 2018. A yellow-jacketed demonstration set fire to a van on the Champs-Élysées, and police used tear gas to break into the vehicle. Johann Koppecke, head of the Deutsche Bundeswehr Police Association, warned in an interview that the farmers’ strike was merely the beginning of a much larger protest this year. Germany, the only economic giant with negative growth in 2023, is expected to see even more subdued conditions in December, especially in hard times. This year may well be one of the most difficult yet.