It's good to be out of the way People have been advancing, and even in those difficult times, we will grow again and adapt again. The city is as usual thriving, and our technology has advanced at an ever-increasing rate. With the recent discovery of Ignniat, humanity once again crossed its peak; the greatest goal has yet to be achieved. This new discovery of knowledge can only be described as divine intervention -- that we humans, with our presence on this clouded earth, can bless all the gods. Every member of Karascene Company evaluates Ignniat, feeling that this mineral holds great potential -- no need to worry about any side effects or defects, if not for Ignniat, which more likely --
January 14, 2543, 10:26 PM.
A click, the day the world would be destroyed. It's the same segment being replayed when I cannot move my eyes. When I can't move my eyes, my dad always finds himself turning off the channel. His dark face makes me feel like something is wrong -- playing it was always bad, but it opened up so many doors to memories; of course they weren't great. I sighed, slowly stood up, and moved my attention away from this matter. His sorrowful emotions still linger, and I've often tried to help him relieve his mood, at least make him happy, but today I'm tired.
When I get closer to the door, keeping a slower pace, I say a little voice to dad, "I'm going outside, dinner in the fridge." He doesn't respond, but he usually hears my voice, maybe nothing. I slowly close the door behind me, sighing again. I almost forgot, I put my hand on the cold metal scanner of the lock. If there's anything special about this apartment, then it's the advanced technology. But back to the point, most places have excellent technology, but nobody else has used any other technology for a long time.
So I let out a deep breath, trying to clear my mind of the clouds surrounding me. And I found my favorite coffee shop. Most people avoid it because of rumors that there were a flaw discovered in the area, which is what society calls a virus. That never bothered me at all, and I had incredible luck throughout my life, and the owner was a great person, who wouldn't give up free coffee for late-night talk and chat?
After entering, a loud ringing sound cleared my discomfort, and the aroma of freshly brewed coffee filled my lungs. Anton, the owner of the shop, of course the guy behind the counter -- except for the few guys behind the counter, this place is pretty empty. Approaching the counter, my feet became tired after such a long walk, and I sat down on a chair to huff and puff. I noticed Anton brought some regulars over, and it's really nice to see them. "Hey Lilith, did you sleep too much?" His mumbled voice echoes in my fragmented thoughts, "Like?" In the next second, I replied softly, getting more and more tired.
To ease my fatigue, I took several sips of the coffee in front of me. "Since that incident, things haven't been very good," I said quietly, not trying to scare off Anton or the remaining customers. He nodded, wiping the glass with a cloth -- strictly speaking, this is a barbershop, but I've never actually drunk alcohol. Behind me, whispers continued, but tonight I had mostly short conversations with Anton. I waved goodbye to him, left the shop, and felt a bit more energized than before.
In the darkness of the street at night, wandering around, it's generally not the best choice, but honestly, this is better than staying in that hot apartment. Most of the noise you hear from your neighbors is more than you hear from your own music. I sighed heavily, turned my gaze forward -- I might go to Al's pawnshop instead. As a form of entertainment, this is just one of the places I've come across that looks interesting. When I heard footsteps behind me, I regretted it immediately, perhaps because I thought too much, but no one was wandering around here unless they wanted to rob someone or beat someone up. It's popular because of its gang and band activity...
Is it not fun? Our human population is half there, and we're unable to stop harming each other. I quickly sped up, Al's shop is right at the corner, so I didn't have to do anything inside. Standing in front of a bright sign, looking back to ensure I wasn't followed, the sign reads: "Alborn's Pawn Shop!" I slowed down further, and I entered again -- this place is even more secretive, since Alborn frequently shelters people who have mutated and gone into Paltricus. Interesting, when I opened the door, the lights went out -- Al disappeared. No refugees, nothing, this place seems odd.
<<<DOC>>>
I slipped behind the store and heard whispers and conversations outside the metal fence, which had to be pulled several times before it fell down. For me, climbing out of the exit was the safest and quietest option; when I climbed in, I heard a conversation between two men who wore strange clothes. I noticed that Al was trapped inside, and I saw he would eventually get caught up.
Alborn is a good guy, but he looked very serious. He didn’t need to ask anything unrelated about things that were not related to his situation, especially when they seemed to have just gotten involved with all the government agencies in the city. But I still couldn’t escape this feeling. I sighed quietly, slowly bent the grate below, and entered a quiet room. “Hey! Al!” Because he didn’t respond, I said softly, “Lilith? What’s going on here? You’ve got to go now, or he’ll catch you.”
Oh no, I thought to myself silently. I tried to pry open the chains wrapping around his arm, and my voice grew closer to their location, while the faint footsteps grew louder. He quickly said, “Go! Get back to the exit, then leave, don’t come back again, if we meet again, there won’t be a city left for us.” His startled expression did nothing to ease my tension. On his advice, I could not stay any longer. Bad Al. After leaving the exit, I hurried over; losing such an important friend was sad. They’d take him to … another city? And many things flashed through my mind at once, mostly angry and tragic. I studied various cities surrounding me as well as the capital, where the infected were concentrated, including Hell Island, which they named after their prisons — and it sounded quite fitting from what I read. Not to mention the uncircumcised already cutting off any remaining connection to the infected land. This was really … awful.
On my way home, the streets were quiet, but loud. My thoughts kept infecting my brain, and I often flashed my mind to regretting not having helped Al. Finally, I arrived home. In the sound coming from above, almost tears flowed down my eyes as the scary walk nearly knocked me over, thunderous sounds sometimes enough to scare even people away. Dad had fallen asleep on the sofa, watching old movies probably from ten to twelve years ago, sighing, and I quietly returned to my own room.
Bedridden, I couldn’t keep my eyes open long enough, so I soon went to sleep.
The detonation
January 19, 2543, 2:34 p.m.
Days passed without incident, and Alborn had been captured for several days — I don’t know where he ended up, but I knew he was somewhere. Those clothes reminded me of something else, but I couldn’t figure it out until the first time. Sighing, I placed both hands on the system in front of me, emitting a red-purple glow — I could break the security system, and this place wasn’t too far away. I suspected they’d taken some measures ... maybe I shouldn’t have. Of course, this violated everything moral, and my fingers moved on their own, pulling multiple screens; oh my God, I’m great. I was popular on several websites, and they called me “the ghost.” That name was quite attractive. Of course, my name on every website was WR417H, but I think that’s what the public came up with.
I took the cameras to my mobile device and carefully watched each frame. Nothing, as if they had never seen them there at all. It had no meaning, even though remote access was possible. How ...? Oh my God, I stood up angrily, ready to push aside some of the ideas in my mind — I walked over, put on shoes, and held the keycard “Dad, I’m coming back soon.” A moment of silence followed. Whatever happened, he wouldn’t respond normally, and he might be busy doing something more important than me.
When I exited the apartment complex, I felt my spine shudder violently, and the shock wave carried me into Al’s house. I ignored the feeling and rushed to find Al, but my legs led me to Anton’s small bar — a relatively peaceful place, and I needed someone to talk to. Who would be better than the bartender who owed me something?
Anton was usually busy, and this place was filled with the lively activities I hadn’t seen before — and only Anton worked alone, so he must have a lot of pressure. “Hey, waiter, give me a cup of coffee,” I deliberately lowered my voice so he would feel uncomfortable, and he quickly turned his body, taking a deep breath, and I chuckled lightly. “Oh my God, Lilith, don’t do that to me like this” — he relaxed his breathing, clearly tired. “You look like you’re working hard. Do you need help?” I snapped back, and I didn’t want to help these drunkards, but making this guy work alone in this place made me feel bad. “Can you do it? I’ll pay later” — he stared at me with a puppy-like eye, and he spoke to me. Truly, this was a high-level strategy.
After changing into casual wear, I spent a few minutes helping at the bar, except for hearing people constantly flirting and harassing from within the bar. But to be honest, this didn’t bother me much, and after this shift, I would talk to Anton. I truly still needed to erase Al from my mind, although I knew I would continue investigating where he was after that.
<<<DOC>>>
When the great Thraki burned down to a small patch of forest, a flame shot out from Thassalin's chin and circled in the sky. After a moment, when he slowed down, an unusual scream stopped coming from behind him. Thassalin forgot that someone was sitting on his back. "Please, Tenuk, you were once a Thraki!"
"I fly myself, and I got suddenly dragged away by a huge pink dragon -- that's quite different!"
"No problem, right? Kayel?"
Clearly Kayel disagreed with Nyssi, looking less black than usual, and his claws had been inserted deep into Thassalin's back, causing blood to flow there, but Thassalin seemed to be completely oblivious. Though said so, Thassalin felt as if he'd been startled by a new friend, so he found a clearing to land in.
"Sorry, but I smelled something, I have to deal with it!"
"Do you want me to drag us along too?" Tenuk slid off Thassalin's back and slid down following its tail. "We've left Retvik behind! We've abandoned this big, strong, warlike guy who would never find us again!"
"He'll figure it out," Nyssi sighed. "Retvik is not a fool."
"But what about the gun?"
"Nyssi blinked, turned around and said to Tenuk: 'He will of course drive a car.'"
"So did you see Retvik driving a car? He doesn't look like a truck driver either, and I didn't see him drive a little car like Kayel does, and he only started driving because everyone else drove for them, and he has just one bicycle."
A laugh interrupted their conversation. Thassalin suddenly realized how funny it was, but nobody knew what he was laughing at. For some time, Thassalin calmed down.
"I'm sorry, but I think you're such a tall, all-out-armed friend that riding a bike designed specifically for children is really hilarious! I hope I can get some kind of electrocardiogram, this picture is very classic, but I can't share it!"
Kayel chuckled, he could imagine what Thassalin was thinking. "Yeah, it's good. But what did you pick up, why do you fly so fast?"
Thassalin huffed, took flight, and disappeared for a moment before returning. He dropped a body in front of Nyssi. It was Orothrack, a rare, golden-white reptilian creature, but its head was missing. "Another dead thing. I heard their screams and smelled their blood, I liked protecting and hunting. According to Nyssi, these creatures were close enough to kill us."
The powerful Thraki froze, Nyssi and Kayel froze too, their attention focused on a gap in the air ahead. A large and dark object stared at them, making a low growl sound. Whatever it was, it opened two pairs of massive wings and flew forward, targeting Thassalin, completely ignoring three smaller creatures in between. Kayel and Tenuk managed to cover themselves briefly, but Nyssi saw herself being dragged along, almost falling through Thassalin's reach.
Thassalin grabbed Nyssi, responding to this attack, throwing her onto his back before flying overhead, where the black-winged creature followed quickly.
Kayel sighed, then pulled out a pistol from behind and opened a bag, revealing a bullet cartridge. He hung the cartridge on his chest so he could retrieve it easily, but soon realized that Nyssi, Thraki, and the monster were gone.
"Hey, Tenuk, can you turn into something that flies?" Kayel asked.
"You want me to follow them?"
"Yeah, uh..."
"But one of them is a giant monster!"
"Well, what do you say? I have a powerful pistol ready to fire, and I just need to see the target to shoot."
Tenuk hesitated, then retreated a step, leaving himself room to maneuver. With a low, somewhat painful groan, Tenuk stretched out, his fur turning into scales, and his arm into wings. He transformed rapidly into a normal-sized Thraki, but his eyes remained red.
"Climb up."
Now the Thraki looked more normal, Tenuk's skin covered in scales, but still he had a pair of sharp spikes on his back, which Kayel could grab. Tenuk spent considerable effort trying to lift off the ground, but once he was airborne, he adjusted his direction quickly and tried to catch up.
However, Tenuk and Kayel soon realized they weren't alone; a second dark creature emerged from beneath them, and Tenuk managed to avoid collision.
"I guess this is another scary big monster Lanex is worried about," Kayel frowned, trying to shoot the second beast, but failed to hit it, and immediately reloaded.
Tenuk had no response, even though another creature was pursuing him, he kept his mind focused on Nyssi and Thassalin. Kayel awkwardly turned his head, so he could face the monster. In fact, for Kayel, chasing was a good idea, since it made it easier to aim and shoot. Two bullets pierced the creature's top wing, and it roared in pain, vanishing into the trees. Kayel couldn't tell if it was still following them or not, but it certainly couldn't keep up.
In front of them, Nyssi was struggling desperately, while Thassalin scrambled around, destroying the black monster with a barrage of flames. This creature, although seriously injured, appeared angry, unwilling to retreat, and the fireballs apparently had no effect. However, when Thassalin straightened up, Nyssi used the opportunity to pull out her own reliable shotgun. Of course, it wasn't designed to deal with this sort of thing, but the pellets should at least scare off the black wild animal.
<<<DOC>>>
No, obviously not; the monster was just making his hiss and trying to fly directly at Thassalin. Fortunately, despite Thassalin's great size, he could still reach out with agility to dodge, but Nyssi couldn't grab onto Thassalin's smooth scales, so she screamed.
"Who do we kill?" Nyssi shouted.
"Target their heads!"
"It's tough."
Thassalin hissed once and then circling around, getting closer to the mountain that he calls home. The dark beast followed closely behind, when a burst of fire from behind hit him, causing some fear in this monster who didn't realize that it wasn't alone. When Thassalin slowed down, he became even more fearful, and then he slammed his tail on the beast's side of its head, sending it off course.
The monster roared and howled as it flew up into the air and spit a drop of saliva into the air. Suddenly, things went dark, as if the monster were sucking the light from the sky itself, leaving an eternal night behind.
Nothing remained visible, Thassalin tried to retreat, but found himself hitting tree line before crashing into the ground. This monster apparently knew where Thassalin would fall, and carried the cloud of darkness straight toward him.
"Kayel!" As he slipped through the clouds and began to spin, Tenuk cried out, trying to find Nyssi and Thassalin below. "What now? Kayel...? Kayel, where are you?"
Below, Nyssi got up, sure that she'd broken something, but her strange, unusual healing ability had begun to work. For Thassalin, it was different: he fell into a ball, lying on top of a tree without collapsing because of his weight. Nyssi used all her strength and tried to get close to Thassalin, but she barely saw anything beyond a few meters away, everything being pitch black, and engulfed by evil shadows, where something was screaming in terror.
A terrible rod-like tail hit Nyssi's vicinity, knocking her over. She noticed though that although the tail was moving, it wasn't doing anything for her. Nyssi could hear and see the monster, and the monster roared and patted at itself for what it created. Something was moving in the darkness, stabbing at the monster, confusing it.
Suddenly, a gun shot echoed in the air, after which the monster stopped and lay there motionless. Around them, the darkness gradually faded, revealing what was going on. Standing atop this monster was Kayel, holding his rifle, and heavy breathing.
"That's ... one of my most bizarre shadows I've ever jumped ... Thanto kat'olon ..." Kayel gasped. His eyes turned black in no particular way, and a dark force rushed past him. But as soon as he spoke, Kayel's organic coating returned to normal color, and his eyes returned to their usual yellow.
After a while, Nyssi figured out what happened. They all knew that Kayel possessed a power of bizarre shadow, rarely using it, because most people thought those were evil and very scary. But Nyssi didn't know that Kayel could use dark powers, and Nyssi hid well enough to be surprised.
"You're okay?" Nyssi asked nervously.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I killed some stuff, and will be back soon." Kayel checked his handiwork, Tenuk landed beside him, and then reverted to his normal Spast form.
This monster is now motionless, they can look further. Its skin is both black and sticky, but the slime remains firmly attached to this monster. It has four wings and limbs, all covered in long claws, two straight horns sticking out of its skull.
Just before Tenuk and Kayel asked what they were looking at, something screamed, and then jumped out of nearby bushes. However, nobody was harmed, when a familiar car hit its side, causing the monster to slide to a stop near Nyssi's feet. Nyssi took no risk, grabbed her rifle, and fired at its head, killing it immediately.
"Oh my God..." Retvik muttered in his seat, then slowly shut off the engine, clumsily climbing out of the truck. "I, uh, wasn't intentional, you're okay?"
"Basically you missed every move that you could have made." Tenuk sighed: "Where were you?"
"They'll definitely throw me off the edge of the cliff, I've already run as fast as I can ..." Retvik sighed: "Could you tell me about these horrible things?"
Fortunately, Retvik's question was answered by Thassalin, who stood up again. He was completely scarred and scratched, looked a bit confused, but seemed to have no serious injuries.
You killed rotting things! That was infected monsters. When rotting attacks your gods, the monster leaves here.
"So you mean ... we helped kill that horrible god monster?" Tenuk stammered.
"Yes, very likely, maybe there's more, but I don't have a gun, can't shoot at their heads. And two-to-one isn't fair, right?" Thassalin approached Kayel and pat his head: "Thank you, little guy. You reminded me of my old friend Arkadin, only he wasn't as vicious, and also had less power to destroy the universe."
"Ih ... thank you ... I guess ..." Kayel shook his shoulders: "So, uh, are we done now?"
Nyssi shook her shoulders, picked up her camera, and took pictures of dead monsters. Then she pulled out her beautiful short sword, which was like a witch's blade, and started cutting the monster's horns. However, just after Nyssi finished, these monsters suddenly started burning, and quickly turned into piles of ash, and the same thing happened to the horn that Nyssi cut.
"Nah ... it's neither easy nor difficult ..." Nyssi sighed: "At least I have photos now."
<<<DOC>>>
The opening scene: "Please!" Queen Eirwen begs, "Don't send her away! She's just a child!" The Ice King looks down at his wife on the throne while his court advisors stand beside him. He has a daughter and he frowns when he thinks about it.
That girl looks like her mother, with light blue eyes and blue hair tied back by a white ribbon. The Ice King considers that the daughter makes him weak, because to date he only has sons.
"You have one choice: kill your child or leave it in the wild. For your wrong act, this is her punishment," he says, saying her name out loud as if it were poison.
The Ice Kingdom was not always one; it was split into two parts -- North and South -- where North was not a magical kingdom. And South was a kingdom filled with magic power. Because of North's greed, the two kingdoms began fighting, leading to an endless war until South proposed peace.
South was desperate, so their royal family would do anything to stop the bloodshed. They offered up their only princess, making her queen of North and giving her a son who would become the future king. Then they united and established a kingdom. North accepted, and Princess Eirwen married Prince Akull.
"Please, my king, for the safety of my child, you can do whatever you want to me, put me behind bars, exile me, even kill me." Queen Eirwen begged as she held her child tight in her arms.
The Ice King looked down at his queen, his expression showing disgust. Maybe, maybe, he would pity her. That woman who had been with him for 22 years, that person who cared most when he was weakest, who gave birth to his son.
He said, "Well, the child might live in the palace." The queen sighed. "But," he added, "you're going to be executed."
Both courtiers and Queen Eirwen showed expressions of fear. She lowered her head slowly across the floor: "Yes, my king." She bowed.
The Ice King ordered his courtiers to bring his daughter to a vacant room near Queen Eirwen's. Once done, he ordered the guards to take Queen Eirwen to the execution site, visible from all towns.
When the guards brought her to the scene, people in town saw their only queen -- the most kind of queen -- being killed. A great outcry ensued. Some cried, some shouted, and tried to attack the guards, but others wanted to know why such things happened, and their thoughts shared the same starting point.
"I'll let her go!"
"Why did they want to do that?"
As Queen Eirwen approached the pole, the most terrifying figure appeared in the kingdom: the Flame Messenger. The former Queen Eirwen was about to be burned to death, and no one should die in such a way. This was the most brutal thing you could do to someone who was an Ice King.
Queen Eirwen was tied to a pole, and the king began telling her how she betrayed everyone in the kingdom. The Ice Kingdom people didn't believe what he said, and never accepted it. Then the flame messenger lit the pole, and a drop of tears fell from the former queen's face.
"The survive, Kari." Queen Eirwen's reign came to an end.
The hall went silent
From the farthest room on the south wing, the cold palace began, and everything you heard was the sound of footsteps. The guards constantly wondered what was in the room, afraid there was something inside. In the hall, rumors spread that the Ice King's wife, Queen Eirwen, was in that room waiting to be released.
They made a big mistake. Ivory walked southward side by side with the helpers, and they both knew that there was something inside.
And rumors applied to them too, since they were the only ones allowed to enter the rooms.
"Ivory, are you inside?" Ivory knocked on the door, whispering low to himself against this complex door, which was covered in snow and crowns, symbolizing royalty.
They wanted to know whether she really would let them in, and that the result wasn't what they had expected before. I still have those bruises from last time. Ivory chuckled after recalling that. Kari dropped a book on their shoulders, but when she saw who that man was, she immediately apologized.
A soft knock sounded from inside, seeming to say she was there.
Ivory asked, "Can I get in?" He remembered that they hadn't asked first.
A sound came from inside, yes, apparently. Due to the coldness and the noise, Ivory shivered. Ivory heard a sound coming from perhaps an empty room, and felt a bit strange, even though they'd been inside there for many years.
"I'm going in," Ivory said, and slowly opened the door. According to normal standards, what they saw in the room was very unusual, but that wasn't unexpected. Everywhere they saw was paper, books scattered around everywhere, tables were broken, and there were many ice sculptures scattered around. There were no windows, and there was no light in it, and it was colder than any other part of the palace (representing many places). It seemed like a storm cloud, blowing everything off course.
In the room, the girl curled up on the bed, currently wrapped in a quilt, reading a small notebook, and a lantern illuminated the space.
Ivory asked, "What's that?" and sat next to her on the bed.
<<<DOC>>>
She flipped to the blank page and wrote down the date, writing on it: "May 11th, 1964 -- December 13th, 1964."
And Ivory asked her inquiringly, "Did they want you out for Christmas?" Kari nodded: "They did. And how long until then?"
Kari tapped the lamp twice, not as Ivory had predicted, because she was seen by his ice king as a defect, so he never let her go outside. She was mute from birth, and was the only girl in their home made up entirely of boys.
Ivory was just like that, too, when Ivory came out of her closet with a unique way of doing it, and the world seemed to change as well. For them, finding work meant mostly solitude.
They were forced to be maids to princesses, and they didn't think much about it, because they also had one friend.
"Ivory," she said, "your birthday is coming up." She remembered that a few days later was Princess's birthday, and Kari nodded: Her light blue eyes sparkled with sadness.
"They're going to celebrate?" They asked, remembering when she last answered this question.
No, Kari was very tired. Ivory knew that for her it would be a hard lesson. That day she was trapped inside her room, while her mother was exiled. At the time, Ivory was still a baby, but they all remember the anger of the maids and the common people. They heard that Eirwen was a good queen, but unexpectedly predicted what was to come.
"They're going to celebrate?" They asked, remembering when she last answered this question.
"No, Kari was really tired. Ivory knew that for her it would be a hard lesson. That day she was trapped inside her room, while her mother was exiled. At the time, Ivory was still a baby, but they all remember the anger of the maids and the common people. They heard that Eirwen was a good queen, but unexpectedly predicted what was to come.
"Are you going to do something?" Ivory asked, looking at her with an excited expression. He took a piece of paper from her bag and handed it to him. But when they looked down to see...
6 inches by six inches canvas
White and different shades of blue paint
Six different sizes of brushes
Stand
"You want me to help you get these things?" Ivory asked, looking at the silent princess. He tapped her many times, swaying her hair back and forth. "Right?" When they saw this quiet princess full of passion for something, she giggled softly, this was the first time she wanted to touch books outside of her room.
"Yes! See you soon?" Ivory said, standing up, shuffling through the jumble of papers and notebooks.
Kari nodded, and went back to review her memories, curled up under her thick blanket.
They left the room, and were pleased to find that the princess finally broke free of her comfort zone, and demanded to do something beyond her abilities, such as painting.
They walked again across the hall, trying to ignore the secret whispers of the maids.
"Ivory," she said, "you're being tied up by Queen Eirwen. This is why she always goes there."
"Ivory," she said, "she'll eat children in that room."
"She looks like a man, isn't that wrong?"
They covered their ears, because ignoring them was futile, and they headed for the second door on the left wing, where the royal painters lived.
Ivory approached the door, which was complicated like hers, with a white dragon from the ancient six-legged beast, who was supposedly created by Ice. But for the painter who loved history, hanging it on the door was meaningful.
They opened the door, expecting normal scenes everywhere. Everywhere was paint splatter, pencils and paper scattered around every corner of the room, walls covered with stands, but unexpected scenes appeared instead. Everything was clean, and the background was silk red, with a stool in front of it, and Prince Aquilo sitting on the stool, completing his portrait.
"Aye, hello, Ivory! Do you want to know about your future king? Can he finish his portrait?" Aquilo asked after he turned his head.
"We're sorry, prince," they said, parting to ignore him, beginning to search for the things they shared secrets with their silent friends wanted. "I'm just here to pick up some art supplies."
"Oh my dear little girl, you're leaving so soon!" Aquilo asked: "But I'd love to see you!"
"Well, I don't," Ivory replied, finding the art supplies listed on the list and putting them in the box they found. "And I'm not a girl."
The prince wasn't so sure though, haggling vaguely: "Oh my dear, you know this is just a period thing! You'll grow up and become a grown-up yourself."
"I have to leave," he said, hearing the prince say those words. They felt uncomfortable. Remembered the bad comments they had heard about their gender identity. I really wanted to avoid him.
"So you're leaving so soon?" The prince ignored the cries of a royal artist, and immediately appeared at the doorway.
They strongly criticized: "This is not the behavior of a future king!"
"No one will ever know, no one will believe you. If artists cherish their lives, they won't say anything." He turned his head once more at the artist, and leaned close to Ivory. "What if we meet up?" They trembled. They certainly had heard threats before, but never been threatened by the prince, even more than by the next king.
"Do you know what 'no' means?" They boldly stated their thoughts, pushing the prince away from them.
Aquilo smiled back: "Don't know." The prince had gotten everything he wanted, and obviously didn't know what that word meant.
Ivory rolled his eyes: "Why should anyone else meet you?" He said, wondering how many pursuers there were.
He chuckled and interjected: "It's actually fifty." He shook his hair back and blew the cold air over it.
"Why only you?" They said, holding their arms together.
"You look like the most beautiful girl I've ever seen." Aquilo placed his fingers on Ivory's jaw, forcing him to look up at him.
<<<DOC>>>
Chapter One
Cohren
Italian time: 0430, Cohren hates to wake up so early because he's in charge of waking everyone in his unit. He quietly leaves his bed and puts on combat gear, a tactical vest, and packs his things from the storage cabinet. Carefully he keeps one small box with him. He carries his rifle and straps his helmet onto a little hook that connects it to his belt. All his equipment is secured--respirator, goggles, everything else he needs. After checking his ammunition pouch, he quietly exits the barracks, where the dirt and ice under his boots squeaks.
He pulls out a lighter from his jacket pocket and another cigarette from somewhere else, lights them both, and takes a quick breath before opening the door slightly. In the past week when he was waking up men and women under his command, he had to come up with ideas, so he stopped using pre-set alarms. When the time came, the speaker was only able to give a soft whistling sound for half the day.
"Come up with an idea," Cohren turns as Nemic junior sergeant approaches.
"Sure."
"What do you plan to use?"
Before he can answer, the door opens. Harris, Craith, and others have all put on their gear and hurry out.
"Craith!" Cohren says.
"Hazards! What's going on here?" Harris asks.
"Nemic, what's going on?" Craith asks.
"I don't know," Cohren replies. "What's going on? I'm not sure."
"We're coming out of the bunker," Craith says.
"Where?" Cohren asks.
"The bunkers are gone now," Harris replies.
They get out of the bunker together. They all have their personal belongings and all their equipment. Some look lost while others are more agitated.
Cohren speaks cheerily: "Good morning."
A sub soldier of the assault squad asks: "Sir, excuse me but why should we be woken up this way?"
"Cohren says: 'Because most alarm clocks are useless and because dawn cannot be avoided.'
'Cohren continues: 'Make sure you've got all your personal items.'" As a captain and lieutenant colonel, his duty is to supervise and assist Lieutenant Colonel Boradin Shaw. "We won't return, Sergeant and Corporal, I'll give you fifteen minutes to make final checks and take your daily rations."
The members of Exodus quickly disperse. They belong to the 2nd Assault Brigade of the 2nd Armored Division. Cohort and Dagger were originally two separate battalions, but they were badly damaged due to these reasons, which makes Cohren complicated about his desire to become a captain.
Walking together, Cohren and Nemic, first row captain, walk through a series of battery-powered firefighting lamps. Most are red to help them avoid detection by enemy fighter jets. Whether aerial or ground, dawn strikes them hard.
"Nemic, new day, new mission." Nemic starts to laugh. "Who will take us to?"
"Cohren answers: 'Ianlos has a battery there. We're being sent to support the ground offensive.' He slowly inhales a cigarette, blaming Craith partly because he made him smoke it, but after years of fighting, he doesn't say much.
"No bad news," Nemic mutters. "All the messages coming from here are 'support operations,' 'aid Kurgan front line.' Why wouldn't they aid Howland front line?"
"Aye, brother." Cohren talks while putting the last cigarette into the mud. "Anyway, we need to go with the 1st armored company, so we don't have to wait. Shaw senior officer must be their commander..."
Nemic is surprised: "Shaw is taking us along?"
"Yes, really, he didn't mean that way. I meant, he wasn't that great, but he wasn't either."
Cohren gives a thumbs-up and places his index finger over his lips. As he does this, he carries his backpack on his back. "Exodus battalion units, once you leave, meet at the western bus stop at 0500. We follow the 1st armored company at dawn."
Every few seconds, Cohren receives feedback from his captain. When Harris, Craith, and Ravik arrive, they're just second lieutenants. These four are best friends since returning to Earth; even though they may never be close again, since Cohren met them, it feels like a long time ago. They used to be captains, but Craith leads the second row now, because a week ago, his former captain was shot down by dawn sniper and retired due to medical reasons.
Cohren walks to the bus stop, looking at a group of eight Kronos main battle tanks and four Stryker armored vehicles. They move around to ensure their war machines are ready to go. Cohren looks around and finds Lieutenant Colonel Boradin Shaw talking to the armored company's captain. As they continue walking closer, Shaw comes up and stands there, his cold face covered by all his emotions.
"Nemic, Valterii..." Cohren says, speaking slower than usual. He glances at Cohren's pistol case, then looks up. "I think the battalion is ready."
<<<DOC>>>
"Right, sergeant, it's time to get on the road and give them some time to sort out their rations from all this chaos," 9:00 AM, Exodus Company would be at the pickup point and Shaw would start talking on his box.
"We're going to the I-131, fifty miles from Ianlos. We'll support the assault that is underway there and then attack in order to clear up the chaos. From there we'll have a base of operations and a foothold by the bottom of the mountain." Shaw explains: "Together with your company, climb up."
The companies dispersed and joined their squad, and Sergeant Cohren was assigned to one of the tanks. Cohren climbed onto the tank's rear turret and joined Nemic and two new recruits, Crith and a young man. Cohren remembers they had been arriving about four days ago but didn't know much about them. Sitting next to him, Cohren adjusted his backpack and tuned into his radio, connecting his headphones to the microphone.
When they settled down, Nemic asked: "Hey Cohren, Harris and the snowball?"
"Cohren, what do you mean by 'snowball'?" Cohren recalls the morning when he stole a farm animal from one of the farms. "Yes, I'm pretty sure."
Looking over the tank's turret, Cohren saw Harris and his unit. From behind the back of the tank, a small chicken could be seen moving around.
"Harris and the snowball," Cohren replied. When the turret's port opened, the commander appeared in the view.
The commander spoke calmly and clearly into his headset: "All tanks have left." As they began to move forward, a line of tanks and Stryker engines roared to life. Kronos Cohren, braking and releasing, moved forward in formation. When the tanks crossed the River Puyuma Valley, they formed a wedge shape. Winter storms were blowing through the wet ground and the forest, but the soil remained.
About an hour later, one of the recruits, Cohren remembered his name being Orson, said: "Lieutenant, you've been here since the war started, right?"
"Yes, the Great Firestorm operation," Cohren replied: "We thought it would end within these weeks, but...we underestimated it."
"Nemic, underestimate means underestimating it," Nemic added: "They have more weapons and manpower than we prepared for. They've shot down UFS Revenant in the first two weeks, and last month they also shot down Erebus. Oh no, we should have seen it along our route."
"Well, I will stand up for the Union," Orson taunted: "I won't let those terrorists kill me."
Craith said: "Now you say, but to me most of you like 18-year-old recruits who hear gunshots immediately find cover and hide."
Cohren smiled and Orson did not continue speaking.
"Captain Exodus, Colonel Exodus," Cohren's radio crackled. "We received a thermal signal three hundred yards away, slightly off to the right."
Cohren climbed onto the top of the tank and pushed up his binoculars. Switching to thermal mode, he could see distant heat sources.
He responded with his larynx: "Yes, I can see them."
Another recruit, Natayla, asked: "Enemy?"
"Cohren: Not yet." He reached out with his hand holding the microphone and said: "Exodus Company, unless attacked, don't take action. Let us go and get rid of them."
As they got closer, tiny heat spots turned into larger shapes. One person ran to look for something and grabbed it, then sprinted back to the ridge where he fell into firefights.
When orange smoke sprays from the ridge, Shaw calls back via radio: "We have contact." When the assault troops jump down from the tank cars and hide behind them, bullets shoot out from the side of the tank car. A counterfire bomb rattles across the path and crashes against the ground behind the column, exploding and shattering debris toward one of the tanks. Another bomb hits the side of APS-Cerberus Stryker and explodes. When the bombs explode, the soldiers scramble out and try to find cover.
Tank captain calls back via radio: "T-1-2 and T-1-3, right 25 degrees, 300 yards, fire." T-1-2 and T-1-3 fire, their bullets flying toward the ridge and exploding, sending dirt and rocks into the air.
"Specter goes out!" Knoxx shouts through binoculars looking at the ridge. The rear door of Cerberus has opened, a soldier wearing special headphones and unarmed walks out. He speaks into a square microphone and orders two specters to charge out. When they begin charging, thin metal arms and legs swing forward. They are fully armed, but their weapons hang from their backs.
Craith asks: "Kill or capture?"
"They seem to want to capture it," Cohren guesses as the two specters disappear into the haze. On the ridge, screams and gunfire echo, but suddenly stop. After a while, the two specters return, pulling someone behind them. Their boots leave a trail in the mud and snow. When they reach safety, they throw the person onto the ground, and as he collapses into the mud and snow, he groans in pain.
Shaw approaches the figure. That figure is standing up, and then Shaw turns to one of the specters: "How many people?"
"Sergeant, three dead," the specter replies: "The rest have escaped alone."
Shaw nods and turns to Cohren and Crith nearby: "Two of you could help pull this guy away?"
<<<DOC>>>
The depiction of land and water by Vicente Soto became the focus of an exhibition at the new gallery.
Tierra del Sol is pleased to exhibit Vincent Soto's "Land and Water Memories" in the Hollywood galleries. Since 2012, Soto has been part of the Art Studio Project, and this is his first solo show. Born in Madrid in 1962, he grew up in Venezuela, Trinidad and Miami; he moved with his family to Southern California when he was just 20.
Soto is very skilled at depicting landscapes, portraits and still lifes using acrylics, pastel, pencils or watercolors. He draws from family portraits, reference photos and memories, creating rich compositions that reflect his interests and his proficiency with various media. His tropical landscapes and seascape reflect the geographical environment he experienced in the past, utilizing a rich pattern and including people, making meaningful connections between culture, memory and environment. Soto adds titles to his works in Spanish and English mixed, signifying the joyous and complex nature of his life in Los Angeles County. The exhibition will open on Saturday, January 13, 2022, from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m., and will continue through Sunday, March 3, 2022.
Tierra del Sol Gallery is located at 7414 San Monica Ave. For more information, visit tierradelsolgallery.org.
<<<DOC>>>
We need to adapt our planning systems so that we don't let the suburban council, which seems less supportive of change, become the sole decision-maker for future development in their suburbs. One way to promote this is by creating an independent body that advocates for high-quality design and includes family life, large verandas, public gardens and a friendly exterior as long as they're below tree line. This role can be played by architects who have been carefully designed to meet these requirements.
In the past decade or two, our lives have changed because of technology; many people work from home, and there's now a network of trains and light rail systems in Sydney. Our ability to buy online has changed shopping habits, and friends and family seem to be closer together because of cell phone communication. All of these adaptations across different systems may happen through focusing on redevelopment rather than preservation of assets.
Chris Strongson was New South Wales State Architect (1995-2005), and then Executive Director of NSW Planning Authority (2005-2009). He also served as CEO of Urban Taskforce Australia between 2011 and 2019.
<<<DOC>>>
The last push for gender equality in the world of women
Last year, the World Economic Forum predicted that each country would need five generations to achieve gender equality. The World Bank is now pushing this timeline forward.
This international financial institution has proposed a strategy with the goal of significantly advancing girls and women’s rights and economic opportunities by 2030. This initiative focuses on improving inclusivity and resilience through funding, technological innovation, public policy and legal changes.
Recent research shows that social norms and thinking can change. For example, the project’s consultation draft states that men and boys participating can cultivate support and identification for gender equality. “Once we understand how social norms and thinking shape everyday expectations, priorities and practices, we can accelerate and expand positive gender outcomes.”
Changing ideas is harder to quantify than getting rural women to get bank loans or girls to go to school. But there is a lot of evidence showing that women can be miraculous. For instance, in Iran, women have been the biggest threat to the Islamic government since 40 years because they refused to comply with laws that forced them to cover their hair. In 130 countries where women represent at least one seat in parliament, some of these countries (for example, India) have seen male resistance to voting and political activism decline.
In parts of rural Africa communities, civil society organizations are replacing harmful adult rituals with health education. One project helped the Matabela Shaka leaders in the Masé village in Kenya to change their view of female circumcision. He told the French World Press that he had “left ignorance behind” and was going to abandon it.
The World Bank also presented other examples. Between 1970 and 2022, the literacy rate among women in Bangladesh increased threefold, while participation in the labor force doubled. Their GDP grew more than twice as much. This shift created momentum. By hiring salaried women from within their own communities as teachers and health workers, trust levels improved, and “women’s agency and work became socially accepted.”
The World Bank will lock in its message for those who still face intergenerational norms and institutions. Rwanda spent over twenty years building itself up as an exemplary model of land reform that improves women’s economic empowerment. Rwanda president Paul Kagame stated in 2015: “If women are blocked, no one benefits. We must change our mindset, not just our law.”
The World Bank hopes to spread this message out.
<<<DOC>>>
German farmers and train drivers make German bosses nervous
In many companies run jointly by employees and owners, the large-scale strike is not unusual: it's one of the first strikes in recent history. This "co-decision" country is currently facing two major strikes at once: an eight-day "action week" organized by angry farmers to block roads with their cranes, and three days' worth of railway workers striking; even worse, doctors who have been closing up operating rooms since Christmas are preparing to strike as well. These Mistgabelmop (grass-chopping mobs, some of whom have called them this way) will test Germany's labor relations for next year.
These protests seem to be triggered by government decisions to end subsidies for diesel fuel for farming and to cut back on car tax exemptions for farmers. These measures push farmers beyond their limits. The strike also mobilizes other frustrated workers who have suffered from inflation pressure, economic recession, and self-imposed austerity. On January 9, German national rail operators, both freight and passenger trains, struck over work hours and wages.
To ease tensions between the government and farmers, the government agreed to gradually reduce its diesel subsidy program over three years while keeping its exemption for car taxes. Farmers felt these concessions were insufficient, so they refused to give up. On January 4, one of the most radical groups blocked a ferry that was taking Prime Minister Robert Habeck home from family vacation. The Institute for Economic Affairs of Germany (IW Köln), which estimates that if train drivers do not strike as much as the workers, would impose heavy costs on German businesses, warned that the strike could force enterprises to shut down production, potentially costing them a billion euros per day (1.1 million US dollars). Germany's largest automotive, chemical and steel industries rely heavily on rail transport.
The anger of these workers only grew. Mr. Habeck warned that "demands are spreading through revolution." Another right-wing group, the Alternative Choice Party, is trying to stir up discontent. In Dessau, Saxony, another right-wing group penetrated into farmer protests, calling for the elimination of "red and green lights" (the colors of the Christian Democratic Union, the Liberal Democrats, and the Green Party, which governs the state). Thomas Pichler, head of the Institute for Economic Affairs of Germany, worries that these strikes will damage Germany's image in the business world. Local employers are now worried about what might happen during the German version of the 2018 "yellow vests" protest in France, when yellow-shirted protesters set fire to cars on the Avenue de la Chaîne and police used teargas to intervene. German police union president Uwe Koppelke warns in a visit to the newspaper Die Zeit that farmers may just be the beginning of a huge wave of protests this year. Germany is the only shrinking economy in 2023, and its confidence index in December fell sharply without any indication of why. This year's development will be even more difficult.